the potential of remote monitoring and telemedicine in facilitating timely interventions, enhancing patient engagement, and optimizing treatment adherence, thereby ameliorating clinical outcomes. However, technical intricacies, regulatory frameworks, and socioeconomic factors pose formidable hurdles to widespread adoption. The manuscript emphasizes the imperative of tailored interventions, leveraging advancements in artificial intelligence and machine learning, to address individual patient needs effectively. Looking forward, sustained innovation, interdisciplinary collaboration, and strategic investment are advocated to realize the transformative potential of remote monitoring and telemedicine in HF management, thereby advancing patient-centric care paradigms and optimizing healthcare resource allocation. ", "authors": {"total": 6, "data": [{"display_name": "Ju\u2010Chi Liu", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Chun-Yao Cheng", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Tzu\u2010Hurng Cheng", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Chia\u2010Yang Liu", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Jin\u2010Jer Chen", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Wen\u2010Rui Hao", "full_slug": null}]}, "affiliations": {"total": 0, "data": []}, "metrics": {"citations": {"total": null}}, "paper_url": "https://typeset.io/papers/unveiling-the-potential-remote-monitoring-and-telemedicine-5gmwpjydoo?utm_source=chatgpt"}, {"id": 4045744841, "title": "Characteristics and Factors Associated With Nonoperative Management and Hospital Outcomes After Hip Fractures Among Community-Dwelling Older Adults: Retrospective Analysis", "is_archived": false, "full_slug": "characteristics-and-factors-associated-with-nonoperative-4l836dqf4g", "journal": {"display_name": "Journal of Applied Gerontology", "official_page": "http://journals.sagepub.com/home/jag", "issn": "0733-4648", "alias": ["J.A.G.", "Applied gerontology", "JAG"], "id": 163127633, "slug": "journal-of-applied-gerontology", "unique_id": "32l8zp9q", "full_slug": "journal-of-applied-gerontology-32l8zp9q"}, "conference_series": null, "date": "2024-07-20T00:00:00Z", "is_oa": null, "publication_type": "Journal Article", "doi": "10.1177/07334648241265204", "abstract": "Nonoperative treatment is used at varying rates among older adults with hip fractures despite the high mortality. This retrospective analysis of 7803 patients 65 and older admitted with hip fractures is to estimate the odds of nonoperative treatment and in-hospital mortality after hip fractures among community-dwelling older adults. 13.6% underwent nonoperative treatment. Compared to the group with operative treatment, the nonoperative group had a higher in-hospital mortality rate (6.51% vs. 1.32%, p &lt; .0001). Male sex, nondisplaced fracture, and comorbidities of acute myocardial infarction, congestive heart failure, cerebrovascular disorder, dementia, and liver disease were associated with an increased likelihood of nonoperative treatment. Nonoperative treatment, advanced age, use of osteoporosis pharmacotherapy, multiple medical comorbidities, and hospital-acquired complications were associated with increased in-hospital mortality. Specific characteristics were associated with nonoperative management and in-hospital mortality among older adults with hip fractures. Additional research is necessary to improve the care of this vulnerable population. ", "authors": {"total": 4, "data": [{"display_name": "Se Won Lee", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Jonathan Holt", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Keong Joung", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Napatkamon Ayutyanont", "full_slug": null}]}, "affiliations": {"total": 0, "data": []}, "metrics": {"citations": {"total": null}}, "paper_url": "https://typeset.io/papers/characteristics-and-factors-associated-with-nonoperative-4l836dqf4g?utm_source=chatgpt"}, {"id": 4046468370, "title": "The Etiology of Neuromuscular Hip Dysplasia and Implications for Management: A Narrative Review", "is_archived": false, "full_slug": "the-etiology-of-neuromuscular-hip-dysplasia-and-implications-27nfsxtqqc", "journal": {"display_name": "Children (Basel)", "official_page": "http://www.mdpi.com/journal/children", "issn": "2227-9067", "alias": null, "id": 2736895435, "slug": "children-basel", "unique_id": "2xatyt79", "full_slug": "children-basel-2xatyt79"}, "conference_series": null, "date": "2024-07-11T00:00:00Z", "is_oa": null, "publication_type": "Journal Article", "doi": "10.3390/children11070844", "abstract": "This study summarizes the current knowledge of the etiology of hip dysplasia in children with neuromuscular disease and the implications for management. This article is based on a review of development of the hip joint from embryology through childhood growth. This knowledge is then applied to selective case reviews to show how the understanding of these developmental principles can be used to plan specific treatments. The development of the hip joint is controlled by genetic shape determination, but the final adult shape is heavily dependent on the mechanical environment experienced by the hip joint during growth and development. Children with neuromuscular conditions show a high incidence of coxa valga, hip dysplasia, and subluxation. The etiology of hip pathology is influenced by factors including functional status, muscular tone, motor control, child\u2019s age, and muscle strength. These factors in combination influence the development of high neck\u2013shaft angle and acetabular dysplasia in many children. The hip joint reaction force (HJRF) direction and magnitude determine the location of