"Purpose: To investigate the clinical efficacy of suspension training and Mulligan technique in combination with celecoxib in the management of chronic lower back ache of unknown causes. Methods: A total of 100 subjects with persistent lower back pain of unknown etiology treated in the Sports Medical Rehabilitation Center, Shijiazhuang, China from June 2019 to December 2020, were assigned at random to control and study cohorts (n = 50/group). Celecoxib (100 to 200 mg/day) was taken orally, once or twice daily by the control cohort, while the other cohort received suspension training, Mulligan technology (once a day, 8 weeks) and celecoxib. The treatment effect, pain and dysfunction scores, inflammatory indicators, quality of life, and complications were compared on Visual Analogue Scale (VAS) and Oswestry Disability Index (ODI). Results: The effect of Macnab standard in study group was significantly better than that in control group (p &lt; 0.05). After treatment, VAS and ODI scores in both cohorts were significantly lower than pretreatment values, but were significantly lesser in the study cohort. Furthermore, TNF-\u03b1 level, and levels of CRP and IL-6 were significantly reduced when compared with pre-treatment levels, and were significantly lower in study cohort. The GQOL-74 scores in both groups were significantly increased after treatment, but were significantly lower in the control cohort (p &lt; 0.05). No significant variations were seen in cases of complications between both cohorts. Conclusion: The use of suspension training and Mulligan technology in combination with celecoxib in treating persistent lower back pain of unknown cause is beneficial in reducing lower back pain, mitigating dysfunction, and improving patients' quality of life. There is however a need for more studies to validate these findings. ", "authors": {"total": 6, "data": [{"display_name": "Cong Wang", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Guannan Zhang", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Jingru Wang", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Wendong Zhang", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Zhigang Yu", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Yaodong Gu", "full_slug": null}]}, "affiliations": {"total": 0, "data": []}, "metrics": {"citations": {"total": null}}, "paper_url": "https://typeset.io/papers/clinical-effect-of-suspension-training-and-mulligan-21e7tbbjyg?utm_source=chatgpt"}, {"id": 4041673008, "title": "Comparison of Mulligan Mobilization with Movement and Progressive Strengthening Exercises in Patient with Lateral Epicondylitis", "is_archived": false, "full_slug": "comparison-of-mulligan-mobilization-with-movement-and-3f98h8i2na", "journal": {"display_name": "Journal of health and rehabilitation research", "official_page": null, "issn": "2791-156X", "alias": null, "id": 4000214625, "slug": "journal-of-health-and-rehabilitation-research", "unique_id": "1eyp5rc1h9", "full_slug": "journal-of-health-and-rehabilitation-research-1eyp5rc1h9"}, "conference_series": null, "date": "2024-06-22T00:00:00Z", "is_oa": null, "publication_type": "Journal Article", "doi": "10.61919/jhrr.v4i2.1168", "abstract": "Background: Lateral epicondylitis, commonly known as tennis elbow, is the most prevalent cause of elbow pain. Both Mulligan Mobilization with Movement (MWM) and Progressive Resistive Exercises (PRE) have shown effectiveness in treating lateral epicondylitis individually. This study aims to compare the effects of these two interventions to determine which is more effective in managing lateral epicondylitis. Objective: To compare the effects of Mulligan Mobilization with Movement and Progressive Resistive Exercises in relieving pain, improving functional disability, and enhancing pain-free grip strength in patients with lateral epicondylitis. Methods: A randomized clinical trial was conducted on 33 patients with symptomatic tennis elbow from July 2020 to January 2021 at the Bone and Joint Center and Khyaban Medical Center. Participants were randomly assigned to Group A (n=16) receiving Mulligan Mobilization with Movement and conventional physiotherapy, and Group B (n=17) receiving Progressive Resistive Exercises and conventional therapy. Patients were assessed using the Visual Analogue Scale (VAS), Patient-Rated Tennis Elbow Evaluation (PRTEE), and hand dynamometer to measure pain intensity, functional status, and grip strength at baseline, after 5 sessions, 10 sessions, and at a 6-week follow-up. Data were analyzed using SPSS version 25. Results: Both groups showed significant improvements within group analyses. Group A showed a more substantial reduction in VAS scores and PRTEE scores, with median VAS scores decreasing from 7 to 2 (p=0.001) and PRTEE