study the results observed in 115 patients with unicompartmental arthroplasty of the knee (PCA) performed at least two years previously and using uncemeted prostheses; all patients were seen again at follow-up and X-rays were obtained. Good and excellent results were found in 81% of cases. Precise information about angle, axis and prosthetic parts is given. Ten patients had to be reoperated on (9,5% of cases) owing to loosening of medial femoral prosthesis or because of recurring genu varum (absence of ACL). Medial prostheses (73% of cases) and lateral prostheses differed not only with respect to their behaviour but also to the preoperative morphotype. Finally, information is given about the handling of the patella and the indications.","paper_authors":["G. Gâcon"],"paper_publish_year":1992,"publication_journal_name":"Orthopédie Traumatologie","consensus_paper_details_url":"https://consensus.app/papers/résultats-des-prothèses-unicompartimentales-pca-du-genou-gâcon/f1e378b109fb5426861a8c6b537e125d/?utm_source=chatgpt","doi":"10.1007/BF01742729","volume":"2","pages":"61-70","search_result_number":18},{"paper_title":"Low tendon stiffness and abnormal ultrastructure distinguish classic Ehlers‐Danlos syndrome from benign joint hypermobility syndrome in patients","abstract":"There is a clinical overlap between classic Ehlers‐Danlos syndrome (cEDS) and benign joint hypermobility syndrome (BJHS), with hypermobility as the main symptom. The purpose of this study was to investigate the role of type V collagen mutations and tendon pathology in these 2 syndromes. In patients (cEDS, n=7; BJHS, n=8) and controls (Ctrl, n=8), we measured patellar tendon ultrastructure (transmission electron microscopy), dimensions (magnetic resonance imaging), and biomechanical properties (force and ultrasonographic measurements during a ramped isometric knee extension). Mutation analyses (COL5A1 and COL5A2) were performed in the patients. COL5A1 mutations were found in 3 of 4 of the patients with cEDS. Patellar tendon dimensions were similar between the groups, but large, irregular collagen fibrils were in 4 of 5 patients with cEDS. In the cEDS group, tendon stiffness and Young's modulus were reduced to ~50% of that in BJHS and Ctrl groups (P<0.05). The nonhypermobile, healthy controls were matched with the patients in age, sex, body weight, and physical activity, to compare outcomes. COL5A1 mutations led to structural tendon pathology and low tendon stiffness in cEDS, explaining the patients' hypermobility, whereas no tendon pathology was found that explained the hypermobility in BJHS.—Nielsen, R. H., Couppé, C., Jensen, J. K., Olsen, M. R., Heinemeier, K. M., Malfait, F., Symoens, S., De Paepe, A., Schjerling, P., Magnusson, S. P., Remvig, L., Kjaer, M., Low tendon stiffness and abnormal ultrastructure distinguish classic Ehlers‐Danlos syndrome from benign joint hypermobility syndrome in patients. FASEB J. 28, 4668–4676 (2014). www.fasebj.org","paper_authors":["R. H. Nielsen","C. Couppé","Jacob K. Jensen","M. R. Olsen","K. Heinemeier","F. Malfait","Sofie SymoensAnne De Paepe","P. Schjerling","S. Magnusson","L. Remvig","M. Kjaer"],"paper_publish_year":2014,"publication_journal_name":"The FASEB Journal","consensus_paper_details_url":"https://consensus.app/papers/low-tendon-stiffness-and-abnormal-ultrastructure-nielsen-couppé/476b62adb5f554c697b1838268470491/?utm_source=chatgpt","doi":"10.1096/fj.14-249656","volume":"28","pages":"4668 - 4676","search_result_number":19},{"paper_title":"Clinical features of patellar tendinopathy and their implications for rehabilitation","abstract":"This study investigated the clinical features of patellar tendinopathy (PT), with focus on individuals with unilateral and bilateral PT. A cross‐sectional study design was employed to compare individuals with unilateral (n = 14) or bilateral (n = 13) PT and those without PT (control, n = 31). Features assessed included thigh strength (normalized peak knee extensor torque) and flexibility (sit‐and‐reach and active knee extension), calf endurance (heel‐rise test), ankle flexibility (dorsiflexion), alignment measures (arch height and leg length difference), and functional measures (hop for distance and 6 m hop test). Groups were matched for age and height; however, unilateral and bilateral PT had greater mass with a higher body mass index (BMI) than control. Also, bilateral PT performed more sport hours per week than both unilateral PT and control. Unilateral PT had less thigh strength than control and bilateral PT, whereas bilateral PT had more thigh flexibility than control and unilateral PT. Both unilateral and bilateral PT had altered alignment measures compared to control. Features that predicted symptoms in PT were lower thigh flexibility and strength, whereas those that predicted function were higher thigh strength and lower ankle flexibility. These findings indicate that unilateral