aging society, and the social burden of hip pain continues to rise as the hip joint is crucial for gait and balance. This study assessed the epidemiology of hip pain in Korea using data from the fifth version of Korea National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (KNHANES V-5). The research analyzed data from 8,898,044 Koreans to evaluate the prevalence and characteristics of hip pain and abnormal hip X-ray. Variables encompassed medical, demographic, mental, social, and musculoskeletal factors. Descriptive analysis and propensity score matching analyses unveiled characteristics of Koreans experiencing hip pain or showing abnormal hip x-ray. The study provides insights into the epidemiology of hip pain in the entire Korean population, and further suggesting the effective management of hip pain. ", "authors": {"total": 3, "data": [{"display_name": "Tae-Wook Kim", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Yoonhee Kim", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Woosup Cho", "full_slug": null}]}, "affiliations": {"total": 0, "data": []}, "metrics": {"citations": {"total": null}}, "paper_url": "https://typeset.io/papers/insights-into-hip-pain-using-hip-x-ray-epidemiological-study-5ayocdfr8y05?utm_source=chatgpt"}, {"id": 4046747953, "title": "The straight head of rectus femoris: An underdiagnosed cause of chronic pain post hip replacement", "is_archived": false, "full_slug": "the-straight-head-of-rectus-femoris-an-underdiagnosed-cause-5t1adjt3u4ee", "journal": {"display_name": "Journal of Arthroscopic Surgery and Sports Medicine", "official_page": null, "issn": "2582-7332", "alias": null, "id": 4000049502, "slug": "journal-of-arthroscopic-surgery-and-sports-medicine", "unique_id": "1tevdykw", "full_slug": "journal-of-arthroscopic-surgery-and-sports-medicine-1tevdykw"}, "conference_series": null, "date": "2024-08-14T00:00:00Z", "is_oa": null, "publication_type": "Journal Article", "doi": "10.25259/jassm_26_2024", "abstract": "Groin pain following hip arthroplasty has a spectrum of aetiologies. Although mild post-operative pain at six months to a year is common, other causative factors should be considered where pain is severe or persistent. The rectus femoris (RF) muscle is the most common of the quadriceps tendons to be injured or strained. Pathologies are known to occur in athletic adults and children and include tendinopathy, tear, and avulsion, but the RF is rarely attributed to hip pain post-arthroplasty. However, tendinopathy may occur as a result of altered biomechanics and muscle loading. We performed a retrospective analysis of 100 patients, at our tertiary orthopedic hospital, who presented with chronic pain post hip arthroplasty. We identified three patients with RF straight (direct) head tendinopathy and one patient with RF straight (direct) head calcific tendinopathy. Established causes of chronic post-operative pain include septic/aseptic loosening, pseudotumor, iliopsoas bursitis/impingement, and bursitis. In this report, we describe the scanning technique, sonographic appearances, and our institutional experience of post-arthroplasty pathologies of the RF straight (direct) head which is an underreported cause of chronic pain following hip replacement. We also recommend including the RF straight (direct) head in routine US protocols of the post-operative hip. ", "authors": {"total": 5, "data": [{"display_name": "Mohsin Hussein", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Sisith Ariyaratne", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Karthikeyan P. Iyengar", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Gaurav Kant Sharma", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Sisith Ariyaratne", "full_slug": null}]}, "affiliations": {"total": 0, "data": []}, "metrics": {"citations": {"total": null}}, "paper_url": "https://typeset.io/papers/the-straight-head-of-rectus-femoris-an-underdiagnosed-cause-5t1adjt3u4ee?utm_source=chatgpt"}, {"id": 4046747212, "title": "Efficacy of a Multimodal Surgical Site Injection for Postoperative Pain Control in Pediatric Patients With Cerebral Palsy Undergoing Hip Reconstruction: A Randomized Controlled Trial", "is_archived": false, "full_slug": "efficacy-of-a-multimodal-surgical-site-injection-for-3493c1eb3l11", "journal": {"display_name": "Journal of Pediatric Orthopaedics", "official_page": "http://www.pedorthopaedics.com", "issn": "0271-6798", "alias": ["Journal of pediatric orthopaedics", "J Pediatr Orthop", "Pedorthopaedics.com", "Journal of pediatric orthopedics"], "id": 44433048, "slug": "journal-of-pediatric-orthopaedics", "unique_id": "36kid1p3", "full_slug": "journal-of-pediatric-orthopaedics-36kid1p3"}, "conference_series": null, "date": "2024-08-14T00:00:00Z", "is_oa": null, "publication_type": "Journal Article", "doi": "10.1097/bpo.0000000000002779", "abstract": "Background: One in 4 children with cerebral palsy (CP) will undergo orthopaedic surgery during their childhood. Despite its ubiquity, postoperative pain control has been poorly studied in this patient population. Moreover, poor pain management has been associated with adverse surgical outcomes. Multimodal analgesic injections have been well studied in the adult population, demonstrating safety and efficacy in reducing postoperative pain and narcotic consumption, but this modality has not been studied in pediatric patients undergoing similarly complex procedures. The