applied to selective case reviews to show how the understanding of these developmental principles can be used to plan specific treatments. The development of the hip joint is controlled by genetic shape determination, but the final adult shape is heavily dependent on the mechanical environment experienced by the hip joint during growth and development. Children with neuromuscular conditions show a high incidence of coxa valga, hip dysplasia, and subluxation. The etiology of hip pathology is influenced by factors including functional status, muscular tone, motor control, child\u2019s age, and muscle strength. These factors in combination influence the development of high neck\u2013shaft angle and acetabular dysplasia in many children. The hip joint reaction force (HJRF) direction and magnitude determine the location of the femoral head in the acetabulum, the acetabular development, and the shape of the femoral neck. The full range of motion is required to develop a round femoral head. Persistent abnormal direction and/or magnitude of HJRF related to the muscular tone can lead to a deformed femoral head and a dysplastic acetabulum. Predominating thigh position is the primary cause defining the direction of the HJRF, leading to subluxation in nonambulatory children. The magnitude and direction of the HJRF determine the acetabular shape. The age of the child when these pathomechanics occur acts as a factor increasing the risk of hip subluxation. Understanding the risk factors leading to hip pathology can help to define principles for the management of neurologic hip impairment. The type of neurologic impairment as defined by functional severity assessed by Gross Motor Function Classification System and muscle tone can help to predict the risk of hip joint deformity. A good understanding of the biomechanical mechanisms can be valuable for treatment planning. ", "authors": {"total": 5, "data": [{"display_name": "Ana Presedo", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Erich Rutz", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Jason Howard", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "M. Wade Shrader", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Freeman Miller", "full_slug": null}]}, "affiliations": {"total": 0, "data": []}, "metrics": {"citations": {"total": null}}, "paper_url": "https://typeset.io/papers/the-etiology-of-neuromuscular-hip-dysplasia-and-implications-27nfsxtqqc?utm_source=chatgpt"}, {"id": 4046438381, "title": "Clinicians' Perspectives on Remote Patient Management: A Qualitative Exploration of Physiotherapists Using the DiAL (Direct Access Line) Programme.", "is_archived": false, "full_slug": "clinicians-perspectives-on-remote-patient-management-a-2cqj2h0gdj", "journal": {"display_name": "Musculoskeletal science and practice", "official_page": "https://www.journals.elsevier.com/musculoskeletal-science-and-practice", "issn": "2468-7812", "alias": ["Musculoskeletal science and practice"], "id": 2764444675, "slug": "musculoskeletal-science-and-practice", "unique_id": "3qen6m67", "full_slug": "musculoskeletal-science-and-practice-3qen6m67"}, "conference_series": null, "date": "2024-07-01T00:00:00Z", "is_oa": null, "publication_type": "Journal Article", "doi": "10.1016/j.msksp.2024.103132", "abstract": "In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, face-to-face consultations within healthcare settings were suspended. Remote consultations became crucial for managing musculoskeletal conditions alongside Patient Initiated Follow-ups, leading to the development of the DiAL programme at a large National Health Service Community Trust. Previous research has focused on quantitative data, little is known about staff experiences with this programme. To explore the perceptions and opinions of physiotherapy staff using DiAL, in order to highlight the benefits and challenges of this service with identification of areas for future development. Qualitative focus groups. Two virtual focus groups were conducted via Microsoft Teams, involving a purposive sample of physiotherapy staff in the musculoskeletal services known to have used DiAL. Thematic analysis was conducted. Ten clinicians participated in the study, generating two main themes: Clinician Autonomy and Institutional Needs. These themes encompassed several subthemes. Clinicians reported higher job satisfaction and improved accessibility for patients, attributing these positive outcomes to the autonomy and flexibility provided by the platform. While the programme met National Health Service targets for Patient Initiated Follow-ups, there was a desire for ongoing improvements and a recognition that previous audits failed to capture all the benefits. DiAL serves as a treatment choice, supporting evidence on the advantages of remote consultations and contributing to the National Health Services' goal