"publication_type": "Journal Article", "doi": "10.32598/irj.22.3.1834.2", "abstract": "Objectives: Rotator cuff syndrome (RCS) is a common upper extremity musculoskeletal condition in the working population, often leading to prolonged work absences. This study assesses and contrasts the impacts of Mulligan mobilization (MWM) and transverse friction massage in individuals with RCS. Methods: A randomized clinical trial was conducted at Northwest General Hospital and Research Centre in Peshawar from January to June 2023. The trial involved 42 participants in the age range of 30 and 70 years who had grade I/II rotator cuff tear and pain. These participants were randomly divided into two groups. Group A was administered MWM, while group B received transverse friction massage in addition to standard care. Both groups received a six-week treatment and were evaluated at the beginning, third and sixth weeks using the visual analogue scale to measure pain, goniometry to assess shoulder range, and the disabilities of the arm, shoulder and hand (DASH) questionnaire to evaluate physical function. Results: The between-group comparison showed a significant difference in VAS, shoulder ranges, and DASH scores in both groups in the third and sixth weeks (P<0.05). The pairwise comparisons within group A indicated a significant difference in VAS, shoulder ranges and DASH scores at baseline, the third week and the sixth week with P<0.05. Similarly, pairwise comparisons within group B showed a significant difference in VAS, shoulder ranges and DASH scores at the baseline, third week, and sixth week, with a value of P<0.05. Discussion: The study concluded that MWM with movement and transverse friction massage can improve pain intensity, shoulder ranges, and physical function in people with grade (I) or grade (II) RSC.", "authors": {"total": 3, "data": [{"display_name": "Asad Khan", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Muhammad Affan Iqbal", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Uzair Ahmad", "full_slug": null}]}, "affiliations": {"total": 0, "data": []}, "metrics": {"citations": {"total": null}}, "paper_url": "https://typeset.io/papers/effects-of-mulligan-mobilization-and-transverse-friction-6cp7cvh5fe01?utm_source=chatgpt"}, {"id": 4046099578, "title": "Mulligan traction straight leg raise terhadap peningkatan range of motion dan penurunan nyeri pada penderita low back pain non spesifik", "is_archived": false, "full_slug": "mulligan-traction-straight-leg-raise-terhadap-peningkatan-2ukq78ul77", "journal": {"display_name": "Media Fisioterapi Politeknik Kesehatan Makassar", "official_page": null, "issn": "2715-7288", "alias": null, "id": 4000142948, "slug": "media-fisioterapi-politeknik-kesehatan-makassar", "unique_id": "x28cekz5", "full_slug": "media-fisioterapi-politeknik-kesehatan-makassar-x28cekz5"}, "conference_series": null, "date": "2024-06-30T00:00:00Z", "is_oa": null, "publication_type": "Journal Article", "doi": "10.32382/fis.v16i1.725", "abstract": "Low back pain atau Nyeri punggung bawah adalah salah satu penyakit paling umum yang desebabkan oleh cedera otot (strain) atau ligamen (sprain) yang disertai nyeri sehingga menyebabkan keterbatasan dalam aktivitas sehari \u2013 hari. Jenis penelitian ini pra-Eksperimen dengan desain pre test-post test one group dan teknik pengambilan sampel yaitu total sampling, dengan tujuan untuk mengetahuui pengaruh Mulligan Triction Straight Leg Raise terhadap peningkatan Range of Motion dan penurunan nyeri pada penderita Low Back Pain non-spesifik dengan total sampel sebanyak 28 orang yang diberikan intervensi Mulligan Triction Straight Leg Raise. Berdasarkan analisis uji Wilcoxon pada masing-masing sampel diperoleh nilai p &lt; \u03b1 dimana p = 0,000 &lt; \u03b1 0,05, diperoleh hasil yang signifikan atau hipotesis diterima bahwa ada pengaruh intervensi Mulligan Triction Straight Leg Raise pada peningkatan Range Of Motion dan penurunan nyeri pada penderita Low Back Pain non Spesifik. Kesimpulan penelitian ini adalah Mulligan Triction Straight Leg Raise secara signifikan berpengaruh terhadap peningkatan Range Of Motion dan penurunan nyeri pada penderita Low Back Pain non Spesifik. ", "authors": {"total": 5, "data": [{"display_name": "Hasnia Ahmad", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Siti Muthiah", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Siti Nurul Fajriah", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Suharto Suharto", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Anak Agung Wiradewi Lestari", "full_slug": null}]}, "affiliations": {"total": 0, "data": []}, "metrics": {"citations": {"total": null}}, "paper_url": "https://typeset.io/papers/mulligan-traction-straight-leg-raise-terhadap-peningkatan-2ukq78ul77?utm_source=chatgpt"}, {"id": 4043511394, "title": "Clinical effect of suspension training and Mulligan technique in combination with celecoxib in the treatment of chronic non-specific lower back pain", "is_archived": false,