"paper_url": "https://typeset.io/papers/clinical-effect-of-suspension-training-and-mulligan-21e7tbbjyg?utm_source=chatgpt"}, {"id": 4041673008, "title": "Comparison of Mulligan Mobilization with Movement and Progressive Strengthening Exercises in Patient with Lateral Epicondylitis", "is_archived": false, "full_slug": "comparison-of-mulligan-mobilization-with-movement-and-3f98h8i2na", "journal": {"display_name": "Journal of health and rehabilitation research", "official_page": null, "issn": "2791-156X", "alias": null, "id": 4000214625, "slug": "journal-of-health-and-rehabilitation-research", "unique_id": "1eyp5rc1h9", "full_slug": "journal-of-health-and-rehabilitation-research-1eyp5rc1h9"}, "conference_series": null, "date": "2024-06-22T00:00:00Z", "is_oa": null, "publication_type": "Journal Article", "doi": "10.61919/jhrr.v4i2.1168", "abstract": "Background: Lateral epicondylitis, commonly known as tennis elbow, is the most prevalent cause of elbow pain. Both Mulligan Mobilization with Movement (MWM) and Progressive Resistive Exercises (PRE) have shown effectiveness in treating lateral epicondylitis individually. This study aims to compare the effects of these two interventions to determine which is more effective in managing lateral epicondylitis. Objective: To compare the effects of Mulligan Mobilization with Movement and Progressive Resistive Exercises in relieving pain, improving functional disability, and enhancing pain-free grip strength in patients with lateral epicondylitis. Methods: A randomized clinical trial was conducted on 33 patients with symptomatic tennis elbow from July 2020 to January 2021 at the Bone and Joint Center and Khyaban Medical Center. Participants were randomly assigned to Group A (n=16) receiving Mulligan Mobilization with Movement and conventional physiotherapy, and Group B (n=17) receiving Progressive Resistive Exercises and conventional therapy. Patients were assessed using the Visual Analogue Scale (VAS), Patient-Rated Tennis Elbow Evaluation (PRTEE), and hand dynamometer to measure pain intensity, functional status, and grip strength at baseline, after 5 sessions, 10 sessions, and at a 6-week follow-up. Data were analyzed using SPSS version 25. Results: Both groups showed significant improvements within group analyses. Group A showed a more substantial reduction in VAS scores and PRTEE scores, with median VAS scores decreasing from 7 to 2 (p=0.001) and PRTEE scores improving from 41 to 8 (p=0.001). Group B demonstrated greater improvements in pain-free grip strength, with median values increasing significantly at all time points (p&lt;0.05). Between-group analysis revealed that Group A had more significant improvements in VAS and PRTEE scores, while Group B had more significant improvements in pain-free grip strength. Conclusion: Mulligan Mobilization with Movement was more effective in reducing pain and improving functional status in patients with lateral epicondylitis compared to Progressive Resistive Exercises. However, Progressive Resistive Exercises were more effective in enhancing pain-free grip strength. These findings suggest the importance of tailored treatment approaches based on individual patient needs. ", "authors": {"total": 7, "data": [{"display_name": "Amman Ullah Nazir", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Zulekha Nasar", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Muhammad Adnan", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Salman A. Khan", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Ijaz ul Haq", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Naeem Rashid", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Lal Gul Khan", "full_slug": null}]}, "affiliations": {"total": 0, "data": []}, "metrics": {"citations": {"total": null}}, "paper_url": "https://typeset.io/papers/comparison-of-mulligan-mobilization-with-movement-and-3f98h8i2na?utm_source=chatgpt"}, {"id": 4043330955, "title": "Outcomes of Mulligan Concept Applications in Obese Individuals with Chronic Mechanical Low Back Pain: A Randomized Controlled Trial", "is_archived": false, "full_slug": "outcomes-of-mulligan-concept-applications-in-obese-4dluulfj3y", "journal": {"display_name": "Reproductive and developmental Biology", "official_page": "http://www.mdpi.com/journal/life", "issn": "2075-1729", "alias": null, "id": 2764628077, "slug": "reproductive-and-developmental-biology", "unique_id": "4g1eqwgq", "full_slug": "reproductive-and-developmental-biology-4g1eqwgq"}, "conference_series": null, "date": "2024-06-13T00:00:00Z", "is_oa": null, "publication_type": "Journal Article", "doi": "10.3390/life14060754", "abstract": "Background: Various treatment modalities have been employed for mechanical low back pain (MLBP), but evidence of their efficacy varies greatly. Object\u0131ve: This randomized controlled trial aimed to assess the outcomes of Mulligan concept applications, including sustained natural apophyseal glides (SNAGS) and natural apophyseal glides (NAGS), in obese patients with MLBP. Methods: The study, conducted between January 2021 and June 2022 at a tertiary hospital, involved randomizing patients into two groups. Both groups underwent six sessions of stretching and strengthening exercises every other day. The Mulligan group received additional intervention with SNAG and NAGS techniques. Measurements were made regarding the Visual Analog Scale (VAS) score, Oswestry