adults with bothersome back pain.\n\n\nMETHODS\nWe conducted a cohort study using the National Health and Aging Trends Study, a longitudinal survey of Medicare beneficiaries \u226565\u00a0years. We included community-dwelling older adults with bothersome back pain in 2015. We assessed 12 self-reported chronic conditions, including arthritis, depression, and anxiety. We used 2016 data to ascertain self-reported use of any rehabilitation services in the prior year. We used weighted, logistic regression to examine the association of conditions with rehabilitation use.\n\n\nRESULTS\nThe sample size was 2443. A majority were age\u2009\u2265\u200975\u00a0years (59%); female (62%); and White, non-Hispanic (71%). The median number of chronic conditions was 3 (interquartile range, 2-4). Arthritis was the most common chronic condition (73%); 14% had anxiety and 16% had depression. For every additional chronic condition, adjusted odds of any rehabilitation use increased 21% (Odds Ratio\u2009=\u20091.21, 95% CI: 1.11-1.31). Those with \u22654 chronic conditions had 2.13 times higher odds (95% CI: 1.36-3.34) of any rehabilitation use in the next year versus those with 0-1 condition. Participants with arthritis had 1.96 times higher odds (95% CI: 1.41-2.72) of any rehabilitation use versus those without arthritis. Anxiety and depression were not significantly associated with rehabilitation use.\n\n\nCONCLUSIONS\nAmong older adults with back pain, a greater number of chronic conditions and arthritis were associated with higher use of rehabilitation services. Those with anxiety or depression had no difference in their use of rehabilitation care versus those without these conditions.\n\n\nIMPACT STATEMENT\nThis pattern suggests appropriate use of rehabilitation for patients with back pain and multiple chronic conditions based on greater need, but there may be potential underuse for those with back pain and psychological conditions.", "authors": {"total": 3, "data": [{"display_name": "Sean D. Rundell", "id": 2015653789, "slug": "sean-d-rundell", "unique_id": "2p982yo3lm", "full_slug": "sean-d-rundell-2p982yo3lm", "affiliation_full_slug": "university-of-washington-2tqpyv72"}, {"display_name": "Amol Karmarkar", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Kushang V Patel", "full_slug": null}]}, "affiliations": {"total": 1, "data": [{"display_name": "University of Washington", "city": "Seattle", "region": "Washington", "country": "United States", "id": 201448701, "slug": "university-of-washington", "unique_id": "2tqpyv72", "full_slug": "university-of-washington-2tqpyv72"}]}, "metrics": {"citations": {"total": null}}, "paper_url": "https://typeset.io/papers/associations-of-co-occurring-chronic-conditions-with-use-of-5lpzqa2g6s58?utm_source=chatgpt"}, {"id": 4046989451, "title": "Renal Rehabilitation - An Effective Treatment Strategy for Physical and Functional Limitation in Patients with Chronic Kidney Disease (CKD): \nA Review Report", "is_archived": false, "full_slug": "renal-rehabilitation-an-effective-treatment-strategy-for-1wfnzi244zsn", "journal": {"display_name": "International journal of research and review", "official_page": null, "issn": "2349-9788", "alias": null, "id": 4000045113, "slug": "international-journal-of-research-and-review", "unique_id": "1is3a1dk", "full_slug": "international-journal-of-research-and-review-1is3a1dk"}, "conference_series": null, "date": "2024-08-09T00:00:00Z", "is_oa": null, "publication_type": "Journal Article", "doi": "10.52403/ijrr.20240805", "abstract": "Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is defined as glomerular filtration rate (GFR) less then 60ml/min and albumin higher then 30mg/gm of creatinine along with structural abnormalities of kidney more than 3 months. When GFR >15ml/min is known as End stage renal disease (ESRD). When the CKD progress towards ESRD, various treatment from a form of dialysis to transplantation is prescribed to prevent prognosis and extend the life expectancy. Renal rehabilitation (RR), same as other rehabilitative strategies is a holistic approach to provide multidimensional, coordinated intervention program designed to optimize unique treatment needs of CKD patient. RR is safe and enhances physical, psychological and social wellbeing of CKD or ESRD patient.(8,9) despite of its effectiveness it\u2019s not include in usual treatment regimen worldwide including India. an effort is made to analyze various literature and guidelines available about renal rehabilitation which will help in understanding clinical implications of renal rehabilitation in patient with CKD. Total 275 Articles were retrieved from various search engines through PubMed, PEDRO, Google scholar and Research gate ranging from year 2014 to 2024. The current review was conducted as per PRISMA (Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses) guidelines. The prevalence of CKD is increasing day by day globally and also in India. Renal Rehabilitation is a multifaced team approach which can play