in the “normal” subscapularis tendons of patients with torn rotator cuff tendons compared with subscapularis tendons of patients with intact supraspinatus tendons.","paper_authors":["G. Murrell"],"paper_publish_year":2002,"publication_journal_name":"British Journal of Sports Medicine","consensus_paper_details_url":"https://consensus.app/papers/understanding-tendinopathies-murrell/27ff851e6c925453becf670bb5dc9539/?utm_source=chatgpt","doi":"10.1136/bjsm.36.6.392","volume":"36","pages":"392 - 393","search_result_number":3},{"paper_title":"[Cylindrical osteotomy of the upper extremity of the tibia with advancement of the patellar ligament. Biomechanical treatment of gonarthrosis].","abstract":"The authors recall briefly the applications of Pauwel's theories concerning surgery in cases of gonarthrosis, which must be surgery to relieve restrictions on movement and not surgery to restore shape. They describe briefly the main biomechanical principles which must guide the pre-operative investigations and report their experience with a technique proposed by Blaimont and perfected by Maquet, the advantage of which is the exactness of the surgical correction. The technique is also useful in cases of femoro-patellar arthrosis. Among 120 osteotomies carried out using this method, the authors obtained very good or good results in 85 per cent of cases, and fairly good or poor results in 15 per cent of the patients. This method makes it possible to avoid in the great majority of cases recourse to total prostheses of the knee.","paper_authors":["M. Schneider","D. Weill"],"paper_publish_year":1975,"publication_journal_name":"Revue du rhumatisme et des maladies osteo-articulaires","consensus_paper_details_url":"https://consensus.app/papers/cylindrical-osteotomy-of-the-upper-extremity-of-the-tibia-schneider-weill/15e3068142e9574487072dbb0fd96362/?utm_source=chatgpt","doi":"","volume":"42 1","pages":"\n 45-51\n ","search_result_number":4},{"paper_title":"Lower strength of the human posterior patellar tendon seems unrelated to mature collagen cross-linking and fibril morphology.","abstract":"The human patellar tendon is frequently affected by tendinopathy, but the etiology of the condition is not established, although differential loading of the anterior and posterior tendon may be associated with the condition. We hypothesized that changes in fibril morphology and collagen cross-linking would parallel differences in material strength between the anterior and posterior tendon. Tendon fascicles were obtained from elective ACL surgery patients and tested micromechanically. Transmission electron microscopy was used to assess fibril morphology, and collagen cross-linking was determined by HPLC and calorimetry. Anterior fascicles were markedly stronger (peak stress: 54.3 +/- 21.2 vs. 39.7 +/- 21.3 MPa; P < 0.05) and stiffer (624 +/- 232 vs. 362 +/- 170 MPa; P < 0.01) than posterior fascicles. Notably, mature pyridinium type cross-links were less abundant in anterior fascicles (hydroxylysylpyridinoline: 0.859 +/- 0.197 vs. 1.416 +/- 0.250 mol/mol, P = 0.001; lysylpyridinoline: 0.023 +/- 0.006 vs. 0.035 +/- 0.006 mol/mol, P < 0.01), whereas pentosidine and pyrrole concentrations showed no regional differences. Fibril diameters tended to be larger in anterior fascicles (7.819 +/- 2.168 vs. 4.897 +/- 1.434 nm(2); P = 0.10). Material properties did not appear closely related to cross-linking or fibril morphology. These findings suggest region-specific differences in mechanical, structural, and biochemical properties of the human patellar tendon.","paper_authors":["P. Hansen","B. Haraldsson","P. Aagaard","V. Kovanen","N. Avery","K. Qvortrup","J. Larsen","M. Krogsgaard","M. Kjaer","S. Peter Magnusson"],"paper_publish_year":2010,"publication_journal_name":"Journal of applied physiology","consensus_paper_details_url":"https://consensus.app/papers/lower-strength-of-the-human-posterior-patellar-tendon-hansen-haraldsson/dd17757700c459b2989364045e3289b7/?utm_source=chatgpt","doi":"10.1152/japplphysiol.00944.2009","volume":"108 1","pages":"\n 47-52\n ","search_result_number":5},{"paper_title":"The natural course of gonarthritis.","abstract":"In order to learn how pathological changes and symptoms of gonarthritis progress over a long period of time, we selected those cases having a history for over 10 years, in which the patient had not received surgical operation, as the subjects of our investigation.The subject cases including 96 joints were investigated to find out the correlations between the progress of pathological change and such factors as sex, age, obesity, occupation, way of living, type of toilet, hospital visit, or FTA (femoro-tibial angle) etc. The results were as follows:(1) Changes at the medial condyle get most easily aggravated, which are followed by those occurred at the patellofemoral joint and the aggravation is the least in changes at the lateral condyle.(2) Obesity as opposed to normal makes the grade of gonarthritis worse.(3) There are no correlations between aggravation of gonarthritis and age, sex, way of living or occupation.(4) In advanced cases, patients use western style toilets.(5) In advanced cases, patients visit hospital more frequently.","paper_authors":["K. Shioda","F. Iseki","J.