were pilot and feasibility studies). All the included studies evaluated self-management interventions, most of them (n=7, 78%) specifically designed for older adults. The participants were aged between 65 and 75 years on average (mean 68.5, SD 3.5 y) and had been diagnosed with different types of CNCP (eg, osteoarthritis and chronic low back pain). Most of the included studies (5/9, 56%) involved the use of multiple eHealth modalities, with a higher use of web-based programs and video consulting. Only 1 (11%) of the 9 studies involved a virtual reality-based intervention. The evaluated interventions showed signs of effectiveness in the targeted biopsychosocial outcomes, and the participants' engagement and ratings of satisfaction were generally positive. However, several research gaps were identified and discussed.\n\n\nCONCLUSIONS\nOverall, of late, there has been a growing interest in the potential that eHealth multimodal interventions offer in terms of improving pain, physical, and psychosocial outcomes in older adults with CNCP. However, existing literature on this topic still seems scarce and highly heterogeneous, with few proper randomized controlled trials, precluding robust conclusions. Several gaps emerged in terms of the older population considered and the lack of evaluation of comorbidities.\n\n\nINTERNATIONAL REGISTERED REPORT IDENTIFIER (IRRID)\nRR2-10.1101/2023.07.27.23293235.", "authors": {"total": 7, "data": [{"display_name": "Annalisa De Lucia", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Cinzia Perlini", "id": 633030688, "slug": "cinzia-perlini", "unique_id": "2f2md17fxr", "full_slug": "cinzia-perlini-2f2md17fxr", "affiliation_full_slug": "university-of-verona-1weos2of"}, {"display_name": "Alessandro Chiarotto", "id": 1979113516, "slug": "alessandro-chiarotto", "unique_id": "t16uefc0fm", "full_slug": "alessandro-chiarotto-t16uefc0fm", "affiliation_full_slug": "erasmus-university-rotterdam-3kcx3pkc"}, {"display_name": "Sara Pachera", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Ilenia Pasini", "id": 4001247720, "slug": "ilenia-pasini", "unique_id": "2ic0x7xr", "full_slug": "ilenia-pasini-2ic0x7xr"}, {"display_name": "Lidia Del Piccolo", "id": 2115081315, "slug": "lidia-del-piccolo", "unique_id": "27cqcdu9fz", "full_slug": "lidia-del-piccolo-27cqcdu9fz", "affiliation_full_slug": "university-of-verona-1weos2of"}, {"display_name": "Valeria Donisi", "id": 1198065765, "slug": "valeria-donisi", "unique_id": "3b9emt5oq5", "full_slug": "valeria-donisi-3b9emt5oq5", "affiliation_full_slug": "university-of-verona-1weos2of"}]}, "affiliations": {"total": 2, "data": [{"display_name": "University of Verona", "city": "Verona", "region": "Veneto", "country": "Italy", "id": 119439378, "slug": "university-of-verona", "unique_id": "1weos2of", "full_slug": "university-of-verona-1weos2of"}, {"display_name": "Erasmus University Rotterdam", "city": "Rotterdam", "region": "Zuid-Holland", "country": "Netherlands", "id": 913958620, "slug": "erasmus-university-rotterdam", "unique_id": "3kcx3pkc", "full_slug": "erasmus-university-rotterdam-3kcx3pkc"}]}, "metrics": {"citations": {"total": null}}, "paper_url": "https://typeset.io/papers/ehealth-integrated-psychosocial-and-physical-interventions-4fmofa4875?utm_source=chatgpt"}, {"id": 4046438471, "title": "The new chronic pain MG30 category and diagnostic specificity in quality registries\u2014problems and suggested solutions with special reference to Swedish Quality Registry for Pain rehabilitation (SQRP)", "is_archived": false, "full_slug": "the-new-chronic-pain-mg30-category-and-diagnostic-3pfxshjxmx", "journal": {"display_name": "Frontiers in pain research", "official_page": "https://www.frontiersin.org/journals/pain-research#", "issn": "2673-561X", "alias": null, "id": 4000034356, "slug": "frontiers-in-pain-research", "unique_id": "3f0vt4u2", "full_slug": "frontiers-in-pain-research-3f0vt4u2"}, "conference_series": null, "date": "2024-07-04T00:00:00Z", "is_oa": null, "publication_type": "Journal Article", "doi": "10.3389/fpain.2024.1396429", "abstract": "The Swedish Quality Registry for Pain rehabilitation (SQRP) is a well-established clinical registry for adult patients with complex chronic pain conditions. SQRP registers patient-reported outcome measures from a majority of specialist chronic pain units/departments in Sweden. Up to four International Classification of Diseases version 10 (ICD-10) diagnoses can be registered in SQRP. The aim of the paper is to describe how we envision the new chronic pain category MG30 in ICD-11 can be used in SQRP. We envision that the first diagnosis in SQRP shall always be a MG30 diagnosis, which will ensure broad implementation of ICD-11 in Swedish pain care. However, at first glance, there seems to be specificity problems with ICD-11 codes that might impair their useability in SQRP or other registries. But ICD-11 offers more than meets the eye. First, the entries at the level of the so-called foundational layer have unique resource identifiers (URI) that can be used to enhance specificity. Second, ICD-11 contains numerous extension codes that can be combined with the MG30 codes \u2013 for instance, concerning the anatomical location of pain. Third, to enrich the description of the clinical concept at hand, it is possible to create clusters of stem codes . These three options are briefly discussed. We conclude that the full potential of the MG30 category can be