appear to have the most severe short stature and microcephaly.Management should be directed towards in-depth investigation, treatment and prevention of associated problems, such as growth retardation, feeding problems, hearing loss, luxating patellae, knee pain, gonarthrosis, and possible pulmonary complications due to congenital pulmonary emphysema with or without broncho- or laryngomalacia. Growth hormone treatment is ineffective in most patients with MGS, but may be effective in patients in whom growth continues to decrease after the first year of life (usually growth velocity normalizes after the first year) and with low levels of IGF1. At present, few data is available about reproduction of females with MGS, but the risk of premature labor might be increased.Here, we propose experience-based guidelines for the regular care and treatment of MGS patients.","paper_authors":["S. D. de Munnik","E. H. Hoefsloot","J. Roukema","Jeroen Schoots","N. Knoers","H. Brunner","A. Jackson","E. Bongers"],"paper_publish_year":2015,"publication_journal_name":"Orphanet Journal of Rare Diseases","consensus_paper_details_url":"https://consensus.app/papers/meiergorlin-syndrome-munnik-hoefsloot/8f079337515a53b8b09fc8de8318a7d2/?utm_source=chatgpt","doi":"10.1186/s13023-015-0322-x","volume":"10","pages":"","search_result_number":8},{"paper_title":"Femoro-Patellar Syndrome in Hemophilic Knee","abstract":"A high incidence of anatomical alterations of the patellar cartilage is observed in the chronic knee arthropathy of hemophiliacs. A systematic investigation of the role of an abnormal femoro-patellar joint in this knee arthropathy was undertaken. Fifty five knee joints in 38 children and 33 knee joints in 17 adults were studied. Clinical evidence of a femoro-patellar dysfunction was present in 21 children and 6 adults. Pain was the major symptom and this pain often made physiotherapy impossible. A permanent flexion deformity of the knee was frequent. The natural history of this syndrome was documented by regular X-Rays and was correlated with age, number of hemarthrosis, and associated anatomical abnormalities. Surgical procedures were performed in 5 cases in order to improve the knee function and relieve pain : 2 patellectomies, one section of the external patellar ligament and 2 condylar remodelling. After a follow up period of 6 months to 2 years, the clinical and functional results remained questionnable.","paper_authors":["J. D. L. Caffinière","J. Allain","Y. Laurian","M. Larrièu"],"paper_publish_year":1977,"publication_journal_name":"Thrombosis and Haemostasis","consensus_paper_details_url":"https://consensus.app/papers/femoropatellar-syndrome-in-hemophilic-knee-caffinière-allain/19cc951d5a345ba5bddf2148e75eb5df/?utm_source=chatgpt","doi":"10.1055/s-0039-1682517","volume":"38","pages":"352 - 352","search_result_number":9},{"paper_title":"Patellar tendinosis (jumper's knee): findings at histopathologic examination, US, and MR imaging. Victorian Institute of Sport Tendon Study Group.","abstract":"PURPOSE\nTo determine the histopathologic findings of patellar tendinosis (\"jumper's knee\") demonstrated with ultrasonography (US) and magnetic resonance (MR) imaging.\n\n\nMATERIALS AND METHODS\nTwenty-four athletes (28 knees) with jumper's knee (23 men, one women; mean age, 30.9 years) scheduled to undergo open tenotomy underwent US patellar tendon examination. Seventeen patients (19 knees) also underwent MR imaging. Tissue was obtained for histopathologic examination in all 28 cases. Eleven age-, height-, and weight-matched athletes (22 knees) without previous knee symptoms served as control subjects for the US examination. Control material for histopathologic examination was obtained in 20 cadavers (39 knees). Data were analyzed with standard statistical methods.\n\n\nRESULTS\nMR imaging and US both revealed an abnormal zone at the proximal patellar tendon attachment. Histopathologic examination revealed mucoid degeneration in all tendons in patients and in 8% (three of 39) of tendons in cadavers (P < .01).\n\n\nCONCLUSION\nJumper's knee is characterized by consistent changes at MR imaging, US, and histopathologic examination and is appropriately described as patellar tendinosis.","paper_authors":["K. Khan","F. Bonar","P. Desmond","J. Cook","D. Young","P. Visentini","M. Fehrmann","Z. S. Kiss","P. A. O'Brien","P. Harcourt","R. Dowling","R. M. O'Sullivan","K. Crichton","B. Tress","J. Wark"],"paper_publish_year":1996,"publication_journal_name":"Radiology","consensus_paper_details_url":"https://consensus.app/papers/patellar-tendinosis-jumpers-knee-findings-at-fiona-bonar/fe9bcfef3a6459268c1255d57065c824/?utm_source=chatgpt","doi":"10.1148/RADIOLOGY.200.3.8756939","volume":"200 3","pages":"\n 821-7\n ","search_result_number":10},{"paper_title":"Onset timing of electromyographic activity in the vastus medialis oblique and vastus lateralis muscles in subjects with and without patellofemoral pain syndrome.","abstract":"BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE\nInappropriate neural control of the quadriceps femoris muscle group has been implicated in patellofemoral pain syndrome (PFPS). This study investigated the timing of initial electromyographic (EMG) activity of the vastus medialis oblique muscle (VMO) and the vastus lateralis muscle (VL) in asymptomatic subjects and subjects with PFPS during reflex and voluntary muscle activity.\n\n\nSUBJECTS\nFifteen symptomatic subjects (SYMP group) (9 with bilateral symptoms) and 12 asymptomatic subjects (ASYMP group) participated.