"Muhammad Bukhori Dalimunthe", "full_slug": null}]}, "affiliations": {"total": 0, "data": []}, "metrics": {"citations": {"total": null}}, "paper_url": "https://typeset.io/papers/the-comparative-study-of-general-intelligence-and-scholastic-14jtet0ixw?utm_source=chatgpt"}, {"id": 4046250712, "title": "An analysis of first years senior high school students' mental models: a case study on the concept of straight motion", "is_archived": false, "full_slug": "an-analysis-of-first-years-senior-high-school-students-1zrmn32o1y", "journal": {"display_name": "Journal of Education and Learning", "official_page": "http://www.ccsenet.org/journal/index.php/jel", "issn": "2089-9823", "alias": null, "id": 4000050879, "slug": "journal-of-education-and-learning", "unique_id": "29tbl5u6", "full_slug": "journal-of-education-and-learning-29tbl5u6"}, "conference_series": null, "date": "2025-02-02T00:00:00Z", "is_oa": null, "publication_type": "Journal Article", "doi": "10.11591/edulearn.v19i1.21853", "abstract": "Difficulties in understanding physics concepts are often experienced by students such as in the material of regular straight motion. This study aims to describe the mental models of first-year secondary school students on regular straight-line motion. This research utilized a case study method of 167 students at the secondary level with an average age of 16-17 years. The mental model test has been utilized form of essay questions The mental model test has been utilized form of essay questions with two sub-materials on the regular straight motion. The data were analyzed referring to the descriptive mental model assessment rubric in the related literature. The rubric maps the level of student understanding which is then categorized into scientific, synthetic, and initial mental model categories. The results stated that students' mental models were dominated in the initial category with respective percentages for both sub-categories of 60% and 90%. In addition, there are still terms of understanding that cannot be distinguished by students so it becomes one of the causes of their unscientific mental models. Based on these results, it is suggested that for further research, alternative teaching materials are needed that can have an impact on improving students' mental models. ", "authors": {"total": 4, "data": [{"display_name": "Mohammad Amiruddin", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Achmad Samsudin", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Andi Suhandi", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Bayram \u00c7o\u015ftu", "full_slug": null}]}, "affiliations": {"total": 0, "data": []}, "metrics": {"citations": {"total": null}}, "paper_url": "https://typeset.io/papers/an-analysis-of-first-years-senior-high-school-students-1zrmn32o1y?utm_source=chatgpt"}, {"id": 4042044589, "title": "Experimental and theoretical study on potentiated photocatalytic nitrogen fixation of Mo doped InVO4 nanorods", "is_archived": false, "full_slug": "experimental-and-theoretical-study-on-potentiated-485q8gb3j9", "journal": {"display_name": "Separation and Purification Technology", "official_page": "https://www.journals.elsevier.com/separation-and-purification-technology", "issn": "1383-5866", "alias": null, "id": 69753523, "slug": "separation-and-purification-technology", "unique_id": "34c745bb", "full_slug": "separation-and-purification-technology-34c745bb"}, "conference_series": null, "date": "2025-01-01T00:00:00Z", "is_oa": null, "publication_type": "Journal Article", "doi": "10.1016/j.seppur.2024.128251", "abstract": "Photocatalytic nitrogen fixation is acknowledged as an eco-friendly substitute for the conventional Haber-Bosch procedure for nitrogen (N2) conversion into ammonia (NH3). Localized electron-rich oxygen vacancies (OVs) on the surface of indium-based semiconductors have been proven to possess the capacity to capture and activate N2. Herein, oxygen vacancy-enriched Mo doped InVO4 nanorods with preferred orientation have been successfully synthesized via a simple hydrothermal reaction. Doping Mo into InVO4 nanorods can not only generate numerous OVs but also simultaneously modulate their electronic structure, significantly improving the efficiency of photocatalytic nitrogen fixation. Benefiting from the optimal Mo doped content, the 5 %Mo/InVO4 sample presents the optimal photocatalytic performance with the NH3 yield of 162.00 \u03bcmol\u00b7g\u22121\u00b7h\u22121, which is 2.4 times higher than that of pristine InVO4 sample. The characterization results reveal that the introduction of OVs augments light consumption and impedes the recombination of photogenerated electrons-hole pairs. Furthermore, the effect of OVs by doping Mo on the nitrogen fixation performance is also verified by the density functional theory (DFT) theoretical calculation. This work provides a new platform for the development of promising catalysts in the photocatalytic nitrogen fixation field, and has certain theoretical and practical value. ", "authors": {"total": 12, "data": [{"display_name": "Juan Wang", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Zihao Guo", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Li Cheng", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Yi Fan", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Yulu Wang", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Cheng Zhong", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Hang Zhang", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Zongzhao Sun", "full_slug": null},