of orthotics may be beneficial treatment options. However, it should be stressed that the evidence for the nine identified risk factors was only limited. Therefore, there is a clear need for high-quality studies in order to identify the exact risk factors associated with PT.","paper_authors":["H. B. van der Worp","M. van Ark","S. Roerink","G. Pepping","I. van den Akker-Scheek","J. Zwerver"],"paper_publish_year":2011,"publication_journal_name":"British Journal of Sports Medicine","consensus_paper_details_url":"https://consensus.app/papers/risk-factors-for-patellar-tendinopathy-a-systematic-worp-ark/23a43055dc5d5d72a463620b243e2aaf/?utm_source=chatgpt","doi":"10.1136/bjsm.2011.084079","volume":"45","pages":"446 - 452","search_result_number":15},{"paper_title":"[Supra trochlear femoral erosions. Their relations with gonarthrosis and chondrocalcinosis (author's transl)].","abstract":"Studying one hundred cases of simple gonarthrosis we found only one supra trochlear femoral erosion (STFE). Such a lesion was discovered in 14 cases among 150 chondrocalcinosis with arthrosic lesions. The cases involving STFE trend to a commun marked chondro-osteolytic evolution. The caracteristic patella sizes show clearly that STFE is not in relation with en anomaly of patella (patella alta...). The upper osteophyte of the patella presents only a minor importance in the formation of STFE. This STFE formation begins probably with a progressive chondro-osteolysis of patella and trochlea. Then, appears a progressive nipping between the upper point of patella and the supra trochlear femoral bone.","paper_authors":["J. Gras","J. P. Levenez","D. Mouriès","D. Blanc","X. Phelip"],"paper_publish_year":1979,"publication_journal_name":"La semaine des hopitaux : organe fonde par l'Association d'enseignement medical des hopitaux de Paris","consensus_paper_details_url":"https://consensus.app/papers/supra-trochlear-femoral-erosions-their-relations-with-gras-levenez/4cec0cfc50ca5e6dad4e5b0bcc50a9e1/?utm_source=chatgpt","doi":"","volume":"55 17-18","pages":"\n 871-7\n ","search_result_number":16},{"paper_title":"Patellar Tendinopathy: Diagnosis and Treatment","abstract":"Patellar tendinopathy is a common cause of pain in athletes' knees. Historically, it has been related to jumping sports, such as volleyball and basketball. Repetitive jumping generates a considerable load of energy in the extensor mechanism, leading to symptoms. The main pathophysiologic phenomenon in patellar tendinopathy is tendinosis, which is a degenerative disorder rather than an inflammatory disorder; therefore, the other popular term for this disease, tendinitis, is not appropriate. The nonsurgical treatment of patellar tendinopathy is focused on eccentric exercises and often has good results. Other experimental options, with variable levels of evidence, are available for recalcitrant cases. Surgical treatment is indicated for cases that are refractory to nonsurgical treatment. Open or arthroscopic surgery can be performed; the two methods are comparable, but arthroscopic surgery results in a faster recovery time.","paper_authors":["D. Figueroa","F. Figueroa","R. Calvo"],"paper_publish_year":2016,"publication_journal_name":"Journal of the American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons","consensus_paper_details_url":"https://consensus.app/papers/patellar-tendinopathy-diagnosis-and-treatment-figueroa-figueroa/ecab3d6f3f38569f950c50aa064b2d62/?utm_source=chatgpt","doi":"10.5435/JAAOS-D-15-00703","volume":"24","pages":"e184–e192","search_result_number":17},{"paper_title":"Résultats des prothèses unicompartimentales PCA du genou","abstract":"RésuméEntre 1985 et 1989, 115 prothèses unicompartimentales (PUC) de type PCA ont été mises en place dans notre établissement. Il s'est agit deux fois sur trois d'une PUC interne pour laquelle l'étiologie principale était la gonarthrose. L'analyse sur ordinateur des résultats selon le score 100 points de Hungerford a permis de retrouver 81,7% d'excellents et de bons résultats. Dans 9,5% la prothèse unicompartimentale a dû être changée, le plus souvent à cause d'un descellement fémoral. L'étude de la série permet d'analyser les causes d'échecs, d'objectiver les différences réelles existant entre les PUC internes et externes et de confirmer la qualité des résultats de l'arthroplastie unicompartimentale sous réserve d'une indication correcte (persistance du LCA) et la fiabilité de la mise en place sans ciment.SummaryThe purpose of this survey was to study the results observed in 115 patients with unicompartmental arthroplasty of the knee (PCA) performed at least two years previously and using uncemeted prostheses; all patients were seen again at follow-up and X-rays were obtained. Good and excellent results were found in 81% of cases. Precise information about angle, axis and prosthetic parts is given. Ten patients had to be reoperated on (9,5% of cases) owing to loosening of medial femoral prosthesis or because of recurring genu varum (absence of ACL). Medial prostheses (73% of cases) and lateral prostheses differed not only with respect to their behaviour but also to the preoperative morphotype. Finally, information is given about the handling of the patella and the indications.","paper_authors":["G. Gâcon"],"paper_publish_year":1992,"publication_journal_name":"Orthopédie Traumatologie","consensus_paper_details_url":"https://consensus.app/papers/résultats-des-prothèses-unicompartimentales-pca-du-genou-gâcon/f1e378b109fb5426861a8c6b537e125d/?utm_source=chatgpt","doi":"10.1007/BF01742729","volume":"2","pages":"61-70","search_result_number":18},{"paper_title":"Low tendon stiffness