"slug": "bmc-musculoskeletal-disorders", "unique_id": "293egwk5", "full_slug": "bmc-musculoskeletal-disorders-293egwk5"}, "conference_series": null, "date": "2024-07-25T00:00:00Z", "is_oa": null, "publication_type": "Journal Article", "doi": "10.1186/s12891-024-07667-9", "abstract": "The importance of incorporating lumbo-pelvic stability core and controlling motor exercises in patients with chronic low back pain (CLBP) reinforces the use of strategies to improve biopsychosocial beliefs by reducing biomedical postulations. However, clinical practice guidelines recommend multimodal approaches incorporating exercise and manual therapy (MT), and instead reject the application of kinesiotape (KT) in isolation. Therefore, the objectives of this study were to analyze the effects of 12 weeks of exercises combined with MT or KT on perceived low back pain using the visual analog scale (VAS) and muscle electric activity measured with electromyography (EMG) of the rectus abdominis and multifidus in CLBP (mild disability) and to explore the relationship between the rectus abdominis and multifidus ratios and pain perception after intervention. A blinded, 12-week randomized controlled trial (RCT) was carried out, involving three parallel groups of patients with CLBP. The study was registered at Clinicaltrial.gov and assigned the identification number NCT05544890 (19/09/22). The trial underwent an intention-to-treat analysis. The primary outcome revealed a multimodal treatment program supplemented by additional therapies such as MT and KT, resulting in significant reductions in perceived low back pain. The subjective assessment of individuals with CLBP indicated no discernible distinction between exclusive core stability exercises and control-motor training when combined with MT or KT. Notably, our findings demonstrated positive alterations in both the mean and peak EMG values of the right rectus abdominis in the exercise group, suggesting a beneficial impact on muscle activation. This study focused on assessing the activation levels of the trunk musculature, specifically the rectus abdominis (RA) and multifidus (MF), in individuals with CLBP exhibiting mild disability according to the Oswestry Disability Index. Importantly, improvements in the VAS values were observed independently of changes in muscle electrical activity. ", "authors": {"total": 7, "data": [{"display_name": "Paula Blanco-G\u00edmenez", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Juan Vicente-Mampel", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Pedro Gargallo", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Sergio Maroto\u2010Izquierdo", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Julio Mart\u00edn Ruiz", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Eloy Jaenada-Carrilero", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Carlos Barrios", "full_slug": null}]}, "affiliations": {"total": 0, "data": []}, "metrics": {"citations": {"total": null}}, "paper_url": "https://typeset.io/papers/effect-of-exercise-and-manual-therapy-or-kinesiotaping-on-4882qwicb4?utm_source=chatgpt"}, {"id": 4045748308, "title": "The Influence of Active, Passive, and Manual Therapy Interventions on Escalation of Health Care Events After Physical Therapist Care in Veterans With Low Back Pain", "is_archived": false, "full_slug": "the-influence-of-active-passive-and-manual-therapy-4u7lbr2w9k", "journal": {"display_name": "Physical Therapy", "official_page": "http://ptjournal.apta.org", "issn": "0031-9023", "alias": null, "id": 189809967, "slug": "physical-therapy", "unique_id": "2ib70mgy", "full_slug": "physical-therapy-2ib70mgy"}, "conference_series": null, "date": "2024-07-20T00:00:00Z", "is_oa": null, "publication_type": "Journal Article", "doi": "10.1093/ptj/pzae101", "abstract": "Abstract Objective The objective of this study was to examine the associations between active, passive, and manual therapy interventions with the escalation-of-care events following physical therapist care for veterans with low back pain (LBP). Methods A retrospective cohort study was conducted in 3618 veterans who received physical therapist care for LBP between January 1, 2015 and January 1, 2018. The VA Corporate Data Warehouse was utilized to identify LBP-related physical therapist visits and procedures, as well as opioid prescription and non-physical therapy clinic encounters. The association between physical therapist interventions with 1-year escalation-of-care events were assessed using adjusted odds ratios from logistic regression. Results Nearly all veterans (98%) received active interventions but only a minority (31%) received manual therapy. In the 1-year follow-up period, the odds of receiving an opioid prescription were 30% lower for those who received manual therapy in addition to active interventions, as compared with patients who received only active interventions. Moreover, the odds of receiving primary care, specialty care, and diagnostic testing were 30\u2013130% higher for patients who received electrical stimulation or more than 1 passive