ada pengaruh intervensi Mulligan Triction Straight Leg Raise pada peningkatan Range Of Motion dan penurunan nyeri pada penderita Low Back Pain non Spesifik. Kesimpulan penelitian ini adalah Mulligan Triction Straight Leg Raise secara signifikan berpengaruh terhadap peningkatan Range Of Motion dan penurunan nyeri pada penderita Low Back Pain non Spesifik. ", "authors": {"total": 5, "data": [{"display_name": "Hasnia Ahmad", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Siti Muthiah", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Siti Nurul Fajriah", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Suharto Suharto", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Anak Agung Wiradewi Lestari", "full_slug": null}]}, "affiliations": {"total": 0, "data": []}, "metrics": {"citations": {"total": null}}, "paper_url": "https://typeset.io/papers/mulligan-traction-straight-leg-raise-terhadap-peningkatan-2ukq78ul77?utm_source=chatgpt"}, {"id": 4043511394, "title": "Clinical effect of suspension training and Mulligan technique in combination with celecoxib in the treatment of chronic non-specific lower back pain", "is_archived": false, "full_slug": "clinical-effect-of-suspension-training-and-mulligan-21e7tbbjyg", "journal": {"display_name": "Tropical Journal of Pharmaceutical Research", "official_page": "http://www.tjpr.org", "issn": "1596-9827", "alias": ["Official journal of Pharmacotherapy Group", "TJPR"], "id": 174262287, "slug": "tropical-journal-of-pharmaceutical-research", "unique_id": "13ta30bh", "full_slug": "tropical-journal-of-pharmaceutical-research-13ta30bh"}, "conference_series": null, "date": "2024-06-25T00:00:00Z", "is_oa": null, "publication_type": "Journal Article", "doi": "10.4314/tjpr.v23i5.13", "abstract": "Purpose: To investigate the clinical efficacy of suspension training and Mulligan technique in combination with celecoxib in the management of chronic lower back ache of unknown causes. Methods: A total of 100 subjects with persistent lower back pain of unknown etiology treated in the Sports Medical Rehabilitation Center, Shijiazhuang, China from June 2019 to December 2020, were assigned at random to control and study cohorts (n = 50/group). Celecoxib (100 to 200 mg/day) was taken orally, once or twice daily by the control cohort, while the other cohort received suspension training, Mulligan technology (once a day, 8 weeks) and celecoxib. The treatment effect, pain and dysfunction scores, inflammatory indicators, quality of life, and complications were compared on Visual Analogue Scale (VAS) and Oswestry Disability Index (ODI). Results: The effect of Macnab standard in study group was significantly better than that in control group (p &lt; 0.05). After treatment, VAS and ODI scores in both cohorts were significantly lower than pretreatment values, but were significantly lesser in the study cohort. Furthermore, TNF-\u03b1 level, and levels of CRP and IL-6 were significantly reduced when compared with pre-treatment levels, and were significantly lower in study cohort. The GQOL-74 scores in both groups were significantly increased after treatment, but were significantly lower in the control cohort (p &lt; 0.05). No significant variations were seen in cases of complications between both cohorts. Conclusion: The use of suspension training and Mulligan technology in combination with celecoxib in treating persistent lower back pain of unknown cause is beneficial in reducing lower back pain, mitigating dysfunction, and improving patients' quality of life. There is however a need for more studies to validate these findings. ", "authors": {"total": 6, "data": [{"display_name": "Cong Wang", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Guannan Zhang", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Jingru Wang", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Wendong Zhang", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Zhigang Yu", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Yaodong Gu", "full_slug": null}]}, "affiliations": {"total": 0, "data": []}, "metrics": {"citations": {"total": null}}, "paper_url": "https://typeset.io/papers/clinical-effect-of-suspension-training-and-mulligan-21e7tbbjyg?utm_source=chatgpt"}, {"id": 4041673008, "title": "Comparison of Mulligan Mobilization with Movement and Progressive Strengthening Exercises in Patient with Lateral Epicondylitis", "is_archived": false, "full_slug": "comparison-of-mulligan-mobilization-with-movement-and-3f98h8i2na", "journal": {"display_name": "Journal of health and rehabilitation research", "official_page": null, "issn": "2791-156X", "alias": null, "id": 4000214625, "slug": "journal-of-health-and-rehabilitation-research", "unique_id": "1eyp5rc1h9", "full_slug": "journal-of-health-and-rehabilitation-research-1eyp5rc1h9"}, "conference_series": null, "date": "2024-06-22T00:00:00Z", "is_oa": null, "publication_type": "Journal Article", "doi": "10.61919/jhrr.v4i2.1168", "abstract": "Background: Lateral epicondylitis, commonly known as tennis elbow, is the most prevalent cause of elbow pain. Both Mulligan Mobilization with Movement (MWM) and Progressive Resistive Exercises (PRE) have shown effectiveness in treating lateral epicondylitis individually. This study aims to compare the effects of these two interventions to determine which is more effective in managing lateral epicondylitis. Objective: To compare the effects of