subject cases including 96 joints were investigated to find out the correlations between the progress of pathological change and such factors as sex, age, obesity, occupation, way of living, type of toilet, hospital visit, or FTA (femoro-tibial angle) etc. The results were as follows:(1) Changes at the medial condyle get most easily aggravated, which are followed by those occurred at the patellofemoral joint and the aggravation is the least in changes at the lateral condyle.(2) Obesity as opposed to normal makes the grade of gonarthritis worse.(3) There are no correlations between aggravation of gonarthritis and age, sex, way of living or occupation.(4) In advanced cases, patients use western style toilets.(5) In advanced cases, patients visit hospital more frequently.","paper_authors":["K. Shioda","F. Iseki","J. Kuboi","T. Tomatsu","T. Takeda"],"paper_publish_year":1983,"publication_journal_name":"The Keio journal of medicine","consensus_paper_details_url":"https://consensus.app/papers/the-natural-course-of-gonarthritis-shioda-iseki/923c8d0c9608517e90028537ad05901d/?utm_source=chatgpt","doi":"10.2302/KJM.32.59","volume":"32 3-4","pages":"\n 59-71\n ","search_result_number":6},{"paper_title":"Tendinopathy","abstract":"Tendinopathy describes a complex multifaceted pathology of the tendon, characterized by pain, decline in function and reduced exercise tolerance. The most common overuse tendinopathies involve the rotator cuff tendon, medial and lateral elbow epicondyles, patellar tendon, gluteal tendons and the Achilles tendon. The prominent histological and molecular features of tendinopathy include disorganization of collagen fibres, an increase in the microvasculature and sensory nerve innervation, dysregulated extracellular matrix homeostasis, increased immune cells and inflammatory mediators, and enhanced cellular apoptosis. Although diagnosis is mostly achieved based on clinical symptoms, in some cases, additional pain-provoking tests and imaging might be necessary. Management consists of different exercise and loading programmes, therapeutic modalities and surgical interventions; however, their effectiveness remains ambiguous. Future research should focus on elucidating the key functional pathways implicated in clinical disease and on improved rehabilitation protocols. Tendinopathy is a multifaceted pathology of the tendon, characterized by pain and reduced function. This Primer summarizes the epidemiology, pathophysiology, diagnosis and the latest insights in the management of this disorder. Finally, the authors discuss the outstanding issues that will help achieve better outcomes in patients with tendinopathy.","paper_authors":["N. Millar","K. Silbernagel","K. Thorborg","P. Kirwan","L. Galatz","G. Abrams","G. Murrell","I. McInnes","S. Rodeo"],"paper_publish_year":2021,"publication_journal_name":"Nature Reviews Disease Primers","consensus_paper_details_url":"https://consensus.app/papers/tendinopathy-millar-silbernagel/342cf583ba3e5b879895b3c9e7083157/?utm_source=chatgpt","doi":"10.1038/s41572-020-00234-1","volume":"7","pages":"1-21","search_result_number":7},{"paper_title":"Meier-Gorlin syndrome","abstract":"Meier-Gorlin syndrome (MGS) is a rare autosomal recessive primordial dwarfism disorder, characterized by microtia, patellar applasia/hypoplasia, and a proportionate short stature. Associated clinical features encompass feeding problems, congenital pulmonary emphysema, mammary hypoplasia in females and urogenital anomalies, such as cryptorchidism and hypoplastic labia minora and majora. Typical facial characteristics during childhood comprise a small mouth with full lips and micro-retrognathia. During ageing, a narrow, convex nose becomes more prominent. The diagnosis MGS should be considered in patients with at least two of the three features of the clinical triad of microtia, patellar anomalies, and pre- and postnatal growth retardation. In patients with short stature and/or microtia, the patellae should be assessed with care by ultrasonography before age 6 or radiography thereafter. Mutations in one of five genes (ORC1, ORC4, ORC6, CDT1, and CDC6) of the pre-replication complex, involved in DNA-replication, are detected in approximately 67-78 % of patients with MGS. Patients with ORC1 and ORC4 mutations appear to have the most severe short stature and microcephaly.Management should be directed towards in-depth investigation, treatment and prevention of associated problems, such as growth retardation, feeding problems, hearing loss, luxating patellae, knee pain, gonarthrosis, and possible pulmonary complications due to congenital pulmonary emphysema with or without broncho- or laryngomalacia. Growth hormone treatment is ineffective in most patients with MGS, but may be effective in patients in whom growth continues to decrease after the first year of life (usually growth velocity normalizes after the first year) and with low levels of IGF1. At present, few data is available about reproduction of females with MGS, but the risk of premature labor might be increased.Here, we propose experience-based guidelines for the regular