for inclusion in this meta-analysis. We extracted 100 effect sizes (Ntotal = 1288) from studies published between 1977 and 2022. Our meta-analysis found a small positive association of adult-child co-use on children's learning from digital media (g = 0.198, 95% CIs: 0.059\u20130.337, p = 0.009); none of our moderator analyses were significant. While the evidence suggests a positive role of adult-child co-use, support for this conclusion was limited by small sample sizes and a lack of variety in study design. These issues limited the statistical power of our moderator analyses. The effect is, however, clearly significant and suggests that a real effect exists in the practice of co-use, but future research systematically exploring the mechanisms by which adult-child co-use supports children's learning is warranted. ", "authors": {"total": 5, "data": [{"display_name": "Gemma Taylor", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Giovanni Sala", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Joanna Ko\u0142ak", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Peter Gerhardstein", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Jamie Lingwood", "full_slug": null}]}, "affiliations": {"total": 0, "data": []}, "metrics": {"citations": {"total": null}}, "paper_url": "https://typeset.io/papers/does-adult-child-co-use-during-digital-media-use-improve-416b5v82rz?utm_source=chatgpt"}, {"id": 4043475749, "title": "Ammonia Emissions and Building-Related Mitigation Strategies in Dairy Barns: A Review", "is_archived": false, "full_slug": "ammonia-emissions-and-building-related-mitigation-strategies-4thn0jd04y", "journal": null, "conference_series": null, "date": "2024-06-27T00:00:00Z", "is_oa": null, "publication_type": "Review", "doi": "10.20944/preprints202406.1887.v1", "abstract": "In this systematic review, the PRISMA method was applied to examine publications from the last two decades that have investigated the noxious gaseous emissions from dairy barns. The aim was to analyse the outcomes from literature studies estimating the quantities of polluting gases produced in dairy barns, with specific focus on ammonia (NH3) emissions. The review also explores proposed methods to reduce the associated effects through mitigation strategies. Estimation of NH3 emissions is significantly influenced by the complex interactions among several factors, including animal management practices, such as controlling animal behavioral activities; manure management, like utilising practices for floor manure removal; the type of structure housing the animals, whether it is naturally or mechanically ventilated; and environmental conditions, such as the effects of temperature, wind speed, relative humidity, and ventilation rate on NH3 release in the barn. These influential components have been considered by researchers, identifying targeted mitigation strategies. Despite growing attention to the issue, gaps in the scientific literature were identified and discussed, particularly regarding the analysis of mitigation strategies and their long-term impacts (i.e., environmental, economic and productivity-wise). ", "authors": {"total": 4, "data": [{"display_name": "Serena Vitaliano", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Provvidenza Rita D\u2019Urso", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Claudia Arcidiacono", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Giovanni Cascone", "full_slug": null}]}, "affiliations": {"total": 0, "data": []}, "metrics": {"citations": {"total": null}}, "paper_url": "https://typeset.io/papers/ammonia-emissions-and-building-related-mitigation-strategies-4thn0jd04y?utm_source=chatgpt"}, {"id": 4043528816, "title": "A Review on the Effectiveness of Muscle Energy Technique for Pain Management in Musculoskeletal Conditions", "is_archived": false, "full_slug": "a-review-on-the-effectiveness-of-muscle-energy-technique-for-co5djovt6f", "journal": {"display_name": "International journal of research and review", "official_page": null, "issn": "2349-9788", "alias": null, "id": 4000045113, "slug": "international-journal-of-research-and-review", "unique_id": "1is3a1dk", "full_slug": "international-journal-of-research-and-review-1is3a1dk"}, "conference_series": null, "date": "2024-06-26T00:00:00Z", "is_oa": null, "publication_type": "Review", "doi": "10.52403/ijrr.20240689", "abstract": "Purpose: The purpose of the study is to find the efficiency of muscle energy technique for pain management in musculoskeletal conditions. Search Method: Google Scholar, Research Gate, Science Direct, PubMed from these databases the articles, words selected by using the key words, total 21 articles out of 50 were included. Selection criteria: Selection criteria include articles focusing on efficacy of the muscle energy technique for pain management in musculoskeletal conditions. Result/ Conclusion: This literature study analysed the impact of muscle energy technique applied on musculoskeletal disorders. A wide range of reviews are used to show that muscular energy technique is beneficial in relieving pain in musculoskeletal disorders. Keywords: Musculoskeletal conditions, Muscle energy technique, Pain management. ", "authors": {"total": 3, "data": [{"display_name": "Sri Ram VG", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Pinky Dutta", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name":