**TOOL**: --- **TOOL**: {"total": 5, "data": [{"id": 4045015476, "title": "The influence of threat on visuospatial perception, affordances, and protective behaviour: A systematic review and meta-analysis", "is_archived": false, "full_slug": "the-influence-of-threat-on-visuospatial-perception-28s9pnic1q", "journal": {"display_name": "Clinical Psychology Review", "official_page": "https://www.journals.elsevier.com/clinical-psychology-review", "issn": "0272-7358", "alias": null, "id": 4632444, "slug": "clinical-psychology-review", "unique_id": "1ltr21bq", "full_slug": "clinical-psychology-review-1ltr21bq"}, "conference_series": null, "date": "2024-08-01T00:00:00Z", "is_oa": null, "publication_type": "Review", "doi": "10.1016/j.cpr.2024.102449", "abstract": "Perception has been conceptualised as an active and adaptive process, based upon incoming sensory inputs, which are modified by top-down factors such as cognitions. Visuospatial perception is thought to be scaled based on threat, with highly threatening objects or contexts visually inflated to promote escape or avoidance behaviours. This meta-analytical systematic review quantified the effect and evidence quality of threat-evoked visuospatial scaling, as well as how visuospatial scaling relates to affordances (perceived action capabilities) and behavioural avoidance/escape outcomes. Databases and grey literature were systematically searched inclusive to 10/04/24. Studies were assessed with a customised Risk of Bias form and meta-analysis was performed using a random-effects model. 12,354 records were identified. Of these, 49 experiments (n = 3027) were included in the review. There was consistent evidence that threat the of height influenced contextual perception (g = 0.66, 95% CI 0.45, 0.88) and affordances (g = 0.43, 95%CI: 0.03, 0.84). Threatening objects were viewed as larger (g = 0.76, 95%CI: 0.26, 1.26) and as closer (g = 0.30, 95%CI: 0.17, 0.42). Bodily threat (pain) yielded conflicting effects on visuospatial perception/affordances. We conclude that threat may influence visuospatial perception and affordances. However, since behavioural measures were poorly reported, their relationship with visuospatial perception/affordances remains elusive. ", "authors": {"total": 8, "data": [{"display_name": "Erin MacIntyre", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Eleana A. Pinto", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Brendan Mouatt", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Michael L. Henry", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Christopher Lamb", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "F BRAITHWAITE", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Ann Meulders", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Tasha R. Stanton", "full_slug": null}]}, "affiliations": {"total": 0, "data": []}, "metrics": {"citations": {"total": null}}, "paper_url": "https://typeset.io/papers/the-influence-of-threat-on-visuospatial-perception-28s9pnic1q?utm_source=chatgpt"}, {"id": 4045442870, "title": "Does adult-child co-use during digital media use improve children's learning aged 0\u20136 years? A systematic review with meta-analysis", "is_archived": false, "full_slug": "does-adult-child-co-use-during-digital-media-use-improve-416b5v82rz", "journal": {"display_name": "Educational Research Review", "official_page": "https://www.journals.elsevier.com/educational-research-review", "issn": "1747-938X", "alias": null, "id": 43764696, "slug": "educational-research-review", "unique_id": "g7h60rih", "full_slug": "educational-research-review-g7h60rih"}, "conference_series": null, "date": "2024-08-01T00:00:00Z", "is_oa": null, "publication_type": "Review", "doi": "10.1016/j.edurev.2024.100614", "abstract": "Young children spend a significant and increasing amount of time using digital media. Thus, a clear understanding of how best to support children's learning from digital media is important. A specific recommendation by some professional bodies is that parental co-use should be applied to scaffold children's learning from digital media. The aim of this meta-analysis was to assess the association between adult-child co-use on 0\u20136-year-old children's learning from digital media. The analysis was conducted using the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses (PRISMA) guidelines. We identified 17 studies investigating typically developing 0\u20136-year-old children's learning outcomes from digital media use with an adult for inclusion in this meta-analysis. We extracted 100 effect sizes (Ntotal = 1288) from studies published between 1977 and 2022. Our meta-analysis found a small positive association of adult-child co-use on children's learning from digital media (g = 0.198, 95% CIs: 0.059\u20130.337, p = 0.009); none of our moderator analyses were significant. While the evidence suggests a positive role of adult-child co-use, support for this conclusion was limited by small sample sizes and a lack of variety in study design. These issues limited the statistical power of our moderator analyses. The effect is, however, clearly significant and suggests that a real effect exists in the practice of co-use, but future research systematically exploring the mechanisms by which adult-child co-use supports