in people with hip osteoarthritis: A randomised feasibility trial.", "is_archived": false, "full_slug": "prefabricated-contoured-foot-orthoses-to-reduce-pain-and-7bwb2uy04x69", "journal": {"display_name": "Physiotherapy Research International", "official_page": "https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/journal/14712865", "issn": "1358-2267", "alias": null, "id": 172146955, "slug": "physiotherapy-research-international", "unique_id": "3a4lgca9", "full_slug": "physiotherapy-research-international-3a4lgca9"}, "conference_series": null, "date": "2024-10-01T00:00:00Z", "is_oa": null, "publication_type": "Journal Article", "doi": "10.1002/pri.2118", "abstract": "BACKGROUND\nHip osteoarthritis (OA) is a prevalent and burdensome condition that leads to impaired quality of life and a substantial economic burden. Encouraging physical activity, particularly walking, is crucial for OA management, but many individuals with hip OA fail to meet recommended activity levels. Prefabricated contoured foot orthoses have shown promise in improving hip muscle efficiency during walking in laboratory settings, but their real-world feasibility and efficacy remain uncertain.\n\n\nOBJECTIVE\nThe aim of this study was to assess the feasibility of conducting a fully powered randomised controlled trial (RCT) to evaluate the effectiveness of prefabricated contoured foot orthoses, prescribed via telehealth, in people with hip OA.\n\n\nMETHODS\nThis feasibility trial randomised 27 participants with hip OA into two groups: prefabricated contoured foot orthoses or flat shoe inserts. Feasibility outcomes were assessed, including recruitment rate, adherence, logbook completion, and dropout rate. Patient-reported outcomes and accelerometer-measured physical activity were collected as secondary outcomes.\n\n\nRESULTS\nWhile the recruitment rate was low (0.88 people/week), adherence to the intervention (59%), logbook completion (93%), and dropout rates (7%) met or exceeded our predefined feasibility parameters. Participants found the intervention acceptable, and practicality was demonstrated with minor adverse events. Preliminary efficacy testing indicated that prefabricated contoured foot orthoses positively affected physical activity (adjusted mean difference\u00a0=\u00a02590 [260 to 4920] steps/day), with comparable outcomes for hip-related quality of life and pain.\n\n\nCONCLUSION\nThis trial supports proceeding to a fully powered RCT to assess the effect of teleheath prescribed prefabricated contoured foot orthoses on physical activity in people with hip OA.\n\n\nSTUDY REGISTRATION NUMBER\nNational Institutes of Health Trial Registry (NCT05138380).", "authors": {"total": 10, "data": [{"display_name": "M. King", "id": 2168407751, "slug": "m-king", "unique_id": "2p04m0pt0f", "full_slug": "m-king-2p04m0pt0f", "affiliation_full_slug": "la-trobe-university-jiipsrz5"}, {"display_name": "Ryan Hon", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "E. A. Roughead", "id": 4000092361, "slug": "e-a-roughead", "unique_id": "9o5l5hn5", "full_slug": "e-a-roughead-9o5l5hn5"}, {"display_name": "Joanne L Kemp", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Tania Pizzari", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "H. Menz", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Nicholas F. Taylor", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Anton Harms", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Jodie A. McClelland", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Adam I. Semciw", "id": 1992950126, "slug": "adam-i-semciw", "unique_id": "14i9plsw9s", "full_slug": "adam-i-semciw-14i9plsw9s", "affiliation_full_slug": "la-trobe-university-jiipsrz5"}]}, "affiliations": {"total": 1, "data": [{"display_name": "La Trobe University", "city": "Melbourne", "region": "Victoria", "country": "Australia", "id": 196829312, "slug": "la-trobe-university", "unique_id": "jiipsrz5", "full_slug": "la-trobe-university-jiipsrz5"}]}, "metrics": {"citations": {"total": null}}, "paper_url": "https://typeset.io/papers/prefabricated-contoured-foot-orthoses-to-reduce-pain-and-7bwb2uy04x69?utm_source=chatgpt"}, {"id": 4046837010, "title": "Insights into Hip pain using Hip X-ray: Epidemiological study of 8,898,044 Koreans", "is_archived": false, "full_slug": "insights-into-hip-pain-using-hip-x-ray-epidemiological-study-5ayocdfr8y05", "journal": {"display_name": "Dental science reports", "official_page": "http://www.nature.com/srep/index.html", "issn": "2045-2322", "alias": null, "id": 2755047796, "slug": "dental-science-reports", "unique_id": "16y61lkj", "full_slug": "dental-science-reports-16y61lkj"}, "conference_series": null, "date": "2024-08-21T00:00:00Z", "is_oa": null, "publication_type": "Journal Article", "doi": "10.1038/s41598-024-70259-z", "abstract": "Hip pain is a prevalent degenerative joint symptoms, imposing a significant global health burden. Hip pain is experiencing an increase in incidences in Korea due to its aging society, and the social burden of hip pain continues to rise as the hip joint is crucial for gait and balance. This study assessed the epidemiology of hip pain in Korea using data from the fifth version of Korea National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (KNHANES V-5). The research analyzed data from 8,898,044 Koreans to evaluate the prevalence and characteristics of hip pain and abnormal hip X-ray. Variables encompassed medical, demographic, mental, social, and musculoskeletal factors. Descriptive analysis and propensity score matching analyses unveiled characteristics of Koreans experiencing hip pain or showing abnormal hip x-ray. The study provides insights into the epidemiology of hip pain in the entire Korean population, and further suggesting the effective management of hip pain.