is safe and enhances physical, psychological and social wellbeing of CKD or ESRD patient.(8,9) despite of its effectiveness it\u2019s not include in usual treatment regimen worldwide including India. an effort is made to analyze various literature and guidelines available about renal rehabilitation which will help in understanding clinical implications of renal rehabilitation in patient with CKD. Total 275 Articles were retrieved from various search engines through PubMed, PEDRO, Google scholar and Research gate ranging from year 2014 to 2024. The current review was conducted as per PRISMA (Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses) guidelines. The prevalence of CKD is increasing day by day globally and also in India. Renal Rehabilitation is a multifaced team approach which can play significant role in improving physical and psychosocial wellbeing and Quality of life of patient with CKD at all stages including haemodialysis and transplantation.\n\nKeywords: Renal Rehabilitation, Rehabilitation, Chronic Kidney Disease", "authors": {"total": 1, "data": [{"display_name": "Shreya Trivedi", "full_slug": null}]}, "affiliations": {"total": 0, "data": []}, "metrics": {"citations": {"total": null}}, "paper_url": "https://typeset.io/papers/renal-rehabilitation-an-effective-treatment-strategy-for-1wfnzi244zsn?utm_source=chatgpt"}, {"id": 4046525926, "title": "eHealth-Integrated Psychosocial and Physical Interventions for Chronic Pain in Older Adults: Scoping Review.", "is_archived": false, "full_slug": "ehealth-integrated-psychosocial-and-physical-interventions-4fmofa4875", "journal": {"display_name": "Journal of Medical Internet Research", "official_page": "http://www.jmir.org/", "issn": "1438-8871", "alias": ["JMIR", "J Med Internet Res"], "id": 17147534, "slug": "journal-of-medical-internet-research", "unique_id": "k5uf9jpo", "full_slug": "journal-of-medical-internet-research-k5uf9jpo"}, "conference_series": null, "date": "2024-07-29T00:00:00Z", "is_oa": null, "publication_type": "Journal Article", "doi": "10.2196/55366", "abstract": "BACKGROUND\nChronic noncancer pain (CNCP) is highly present among older adults, affecting their physical, psychological, and social functioning. A biopsychosocial multimodal approach to CNCP management is currently extensively suggested by international clinical practice guidelines. Recently, the growing development and application of eHealth within pain management has yielded encouraging results in terms of effectiveness and feasibility; however, its use among the older population remains underexamined.\n\n\nOBJECTIVE\nThe overall aim of this scoping review was to systematically map existing literature about eHealth multimodal interventions (including both physical and psychosocial components) targeting older adults with CNCP.\n\n\nMETHODS\nThis review adhered to the JBI methodology, a protocol was a priori registered as a preprint on the medRxiv platform, and the results were reported according to the PRISMA-ScR (Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses extension for Scoping Reviews) guidelines. Four electronic databases (PubMed, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, Web of Science, and PsycINFO) were systematically searched for relevant articles. Studies were included if they reported on multimodal interventions (including both physical and psychosocial components) delivered through any eHealth modality to an older population with any type of CNCP. Two reviewers selected the studies: first by screening titles and abstracts and second by screening full-text articles. The quality of the included studies was evaluated using the Quality Assessment Tool for Studies with Diverse Designs. The results of the studies were summarized narratively.\n\n\nRESULTS\nA total of 9 studies (n=6, 67% published between 2021 and 2023) with quality rated as medium to high were included, of which 7 (78%) were randomized controlled trials (n=5, 71% were pilot and feasibility studies). All the included studies evaluated self-management interventions, most of them (n=7, 78%) specifically designed for older adults. The participants were aged between 65 and 75 years on average (mean 68.5, SD 3.5 y) and had been diagnosed with different types of CNCP (eg, osteoarthritis and chronic low back pain). Most of the included studies (5/9, 56%) involved the use of multiple eHealth modalities, with a higher use of web-based programs and video consulting. Only 1 (11%) of the 9 studies involved a virtual reality-based intervention. The evaluated interventions showed signs of effectiveness in the targeted biopsychosocial outcomes, and the participants' engagement and ratings of satisfaction were generally positive. However, several research gaps were identified and