active against a number of other inflammatory conditions such as arthritis, gout etc. A wide variety of these compounds have been synthesized and some of them are under clinical trials. In this review article, anti-inflammatory and antimicrobial activity of the 1, 3, 4- oxadiazole shall be discussed. ", "authors": {"total": 3, "data": [{"display_name": "Tarun Chaudhary", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Prabhat Kumar Upadhyay", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Ritu Kataria", "full_slug": null}]}, "affiliations": {"total": 0, "data": []}, "metrics": {"citations": {"total": null}}, "paper_url": "https://typeset.io/papers/anti-inflammatory-and-antimicrobial-potential-of-1-3-4-1y7f41ulfo?utm_source=chatgpt"}, {"id": 4041763240, "title": "A review on anti-leishmanial activity of terpenes and chitosan as a carrier for nano-formulations", "is_archived": false, "full_slug": "a-review-on-anti-leishmanial-activity-of-terpenes-and-4625mus5u3", "journal": {"display_name": "Current traditional medicine", "official_page": "http://benthamscience.com/journals/current-traditional-medicine", "issn": "2215-0838", "alias": null, "id": 4000025276, "slug": "current-traditional-medicine", "unique_id": "1b7eya1c", "full_slug": "current-traditional-medicine-1b7eya1c"}, "conference_series": null, "date": "2024-12-01T00:00:00Z", "is_oa": null, "publication_type": "Review", "doi": "10.2174/2215083810666230727094905", "abstract": "Abstract: Leishmaniasis is one of the most devastating and fatal diseases in humans that has been known to mankind and is caused by the parasite Leishmania. It is destructive since no vaccination is available and existing medicines are proving ineffective because of resistance development. : A need for the discovery of newer drugs has emerged. The use of natural products for the prevention, diagnosis, and cure of diseases has rapidly increased. Following the trend, research in the field of natural products for treating leishmaniasis has also picked up. In the present review, the focus is on terpenes as anti-leishmanial agents. Terpenes are the least studied natural products for the treatment of the disease. The other part of the review covers the use of chitosan as an anti-leishmanial agent and other formulations of chitosan as a carrier in nano-formulations. : From the survey, it was found that the essential oils containing terpenes are very effective. Moreover, the chitosan-based nanocarriers showed potent anti-leishmanial activity. The combined use of natural products and newer technologies for the delivery of drugs can eradicate various diseases. ", "authors": {"total": 2, "data": [{"display_name": "Tanvi Goel", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Deepali Bansode", "full_slug": null}]}, "affiliations": {"total": 0, "data": []}, "metrics": {"citations": {"total": null}}, "paper_url": "https://typeset.io/papers/a-review-on-anti-leishmanial-activity-of-terpenes-and-4625mus5u3?utm_source=chatgpt"}, {"id": 4036281689, "title": "A review on the influence of nutraceuticals and functional foods on health", "is_archived": false, "full_slug": "a-review-on-the-influence-of-nutraceuticals-and-functional-3mm0ac8hbe", "journal": {"display_name": "Food chemistry advances", "official_page": "https://www.journals.elsevier.com/food-chemistry-advances", "issn": "2772-753X", "alias": null, "id": 4000033670, "slug": "food-chemistry-advances", "unique_id": "1j4erkia", "full_slug": "food-chemistry-advances-1j4erkia"}, "conference_series": null, "date": "2024-12-01T00:00:00Z", "is_oa": null, "publication_type": "Review", "doi": "10.1016/j.focha.2024.100749", "abstract": "In recent years, functional foods have gained attention for their potential health benefits beyond basic nutrition, serving as rich sources of proteins, carbohydrates, vitamins, and dietary fiber. Enriched with bioactive compounds such as polyphenols, tannins, flavonoids, and alkaloids, these foods have shown promise in inhibiting cell signaling pathways related to proliferation, communication, and apoptosis. Key components in functional foods offer health benefits. Omega-3 fatty acids scavenge free radicals, reducing the risk of chronic diseases like heart disease and cancer. Antioxidants in foods such as sesame seed oil promote cardiovascular health and have anti-inflammatory effects. Curcumin inhibits cancer by suppressing inflammatory cytokines. Understanding their mechanisms of action is crucial for realizing therapeutic benefits. However, identifying suitable bioactive substances and comprehending their role in disease prevention are challenging. As we enter the functional food era, this review aims to present the current state of functional foods and nutraceuticals, exploring their applications for human wellness. Recognizing nutrition's individualized nature of nutrition is a central theme, emphasizing the importance of tailored dietary recommendations based on diverse responses to these functional elements, ensuring that personalized approaches are aligned with individual health goals. ", "authors": {"total": 4, "data": [{"display_name": "Arumugam Vignesh", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Thomas Cheeran Amal", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Ariyan Sarvalingam", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Krishnan Vasanth", "full_slug": null}]}, "affiliations": {"total":