histopathologic examination and is appropriately described as patellar tendinosis.","paper_authors":["K. Khan","F. Bonar","P. Desmond","J. Cook","D. Young","P. Visentini","M. Fehrmann","Z. S. Kiss","P. A. O'Brien","P. Harcourt","R. Dowling","R. M. O'Sullivan","K. Crichton","B. Tress","J. Wark"],"paper_publish_year":1996,"publication_journal_name":"Radiology","consensus_paper_details_url":"https://consensus.app/papers/patellar-tendinosis-jumpers-knee-findings-at-fiona-bonar/fe9bcfef3a6459268c1255d57065c824/?utm_source=chatgpt","doi":"10.1148/RADIOLOGY.200.3.8756939","volume":"200 3","pages":"\n 821-7\n ","search_result_number":10},{"paper_title":"Onset timing of electromyographic activity in the vastus medialis oblique and vastus lateralis muscles in subjects with and without patellofemoral pain syndrome.","abstract":"BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE\nInappropriate neural control of the quadriceps femoris muscle group has been implicated in patellofemoral pain syndrome (PFPS). This study investigated the timing of initial electromyographic (EMG) activity of the vastus medialis oblique muscle (VMO) and the vastus lateralis muscle (VL) in asymptomatic subjects and subjects with PFPS during reflex and voluntary muscle activity.\n\n\nSUBJECTS\nFifteen symptomatic subjects (SYMP group) (9 with bilateral symptoms) and 12 asymptomatic subjects (ASYMP group) participated. Both knees were tested in the ASYMP group and only the symptomatic knees were tested in the SYMP group, resulting in a total of 24 data sets from each group.\n\n\nMETHODS\nElectromyographic data were recorded from the VMO and VL under three conditions: reflex knee extension (RFLX) elicited by a patellar tendon tap, and active knee extension in non-weight-bearing (NWB) and weight-bearing (WB) situations. For each condition, EMG activity onset times for the VMO and VL were determined from ensemble averages of four trials.\n\n\nRESULTS\nThere were no differences between the SYMP and ASYMP groups with respect to the relative timing of initial VMO and VL activity under any of the three conditions tested. Mean timing differences for both groups were less than 0.25 milliseconds under reflex conditions and less than 4 milliseconds for active knee extension under both WB and NWB conditions.\n\n\nCONCLUSION AND DISCUSSION\nThese findings contradict a previous report of differences in reflex timing related to PFPS. Differences in the relative timing of onset of EMG activity of the VMO and VL during voluntary knee extension were not significant between SYMP and ASYMP groups, and were not related to the relative timing differences observed during reflex testing.","paper_authors":["G. Karst","G. Willett"],"paper_publish_year":1995,"publication_journal_name":"Physical therapy","consensus_paper_details_url":"https://consensus.app/papers/onset-timing-of-electromyographic-activity-in-the-vastus-karst-willett/d0a73ca9fa6f594e98e1e3699bd876a2/?utm_source=chatgpt","doi":"10.1093/PTJ/75.9.813","volume":"75 9","pages":"\n 813-23\n ","search_result_number":11},{"paper_title":"Genetics of patella hypoplasia/agenesis","abstract":"The patella is a sesamoid bone, crucial for knee stability. When absent or hypoplastic, recurrent knee subluxations, patellofemoral dysfunction and early gonarthrosis may occur. Patella hypoplasia/agenesis may be isolated or observed in syndromic conditions, either as the main clinical feature (Nail‐patella syndrome, small patella syndrome), as a clue feature which can help diagnosis assessment, or as a background feature that may be disregarded. Even in the latter, the identification of patella anomalies is important for an appropriate patient management. We review the clinical characteristics of these rare diseases, provide guidance to facilitate the diagnosis and discuss how the genes involved could affect patella development.","paper_authors":["C. Vanlerberghe","N. Boutry","F. Petit"],"paper_publish_year":2018,"publication_journal_name":"Clinical Genetics","consensus_paper_details_url":"https://consensus.app/papers/genetics-of-patella-hypoplasiaagenesis-vanlerberghe-boutry/d206a67a222b5f18bd4c61e2b86185fa/?utm_source=chatgpt","doi":"10.1111/cge.13209","volume":"94","pages":"43 - 53","search_result_number":12},{"paper_title":"Patellar Tendinopathy: Clinical Diagnosis, Load Management, and Advice for Challenging Case Presentations.","abstract":"Synopsis The hallmark features of patellar tendinopathy are (1) pain localized to the inferior pole of the patella and (2) load-related pain that increases with the demand on the knee extensors, notably in activities that store and release energy in the patellar tendon. While imaging may assist in differential diagnosis, the diagnosis of patellar tendinopathy remains clinical, as asymptomatic tendon pathology may exist in people who have pain from other anterior knee sources. A thorough examination is required to diagnose patellar tendinopathy and contributing factors. Management of patellar tendinopathy should focus on progressively developing load tolerance of the tendon, the musculoskeletal unit, and the kinetic chain, as well as addressing key biomechanical and other risk factors. Rehabilitation can be slow and sometimes frustrating. This review aims to assist clinicians with key concepts related to examination, diagnosis, and management of patellar tendinopathy. Difficult clinical presentations (eg, highly irritable tendon, systemic comorbidities) as well as common pitfalls, such as unrealistic