energy in the patellar tendon. While imaging may assist in differential diagnosis, the diagnosis of patellar tendinopathy remains clinical, as asymptomatic tendon pathology may exist in people who have pain from other anterior knee sources. A thorough examination is required to diagnose patellar tendinopathy and contributing factors. Management of patellar tendinopathy should focus on progressively developing load tolerance of the tendon, the musculoskeletal unit, and the kinetic chain, as well as addressing key biomechanical and other risk factors. Rehabilitation can be slow and sometimes frustrating. This review aims to assist clinicians with key concepts related to examination, diagnosis, and management of patellar tendinopathy. Difficult clinical presentations (eg, highly irritable tendon, systemic comorbidities) as well as common pitfalls, such as unrealistic rehabilitation time frames and overreliance on passive treatments, are also discussed. J Orthop Sports Phys Ther 2015;45(11):887-898. Epub 21 Sep 2015. doi:10.2519/jospt.2015.5987.","paper_authors":["P. Malliaras","J. Cook","C. Purdam","E. Rio"],"paper_publish_year":2015,"publication_journal_name":"The Journal of orthopaedic and sports physical therapy","consensus_paper_details_url":"https://consensus.app/papers/patellar-tendinopathy-clinical-diagnosis-load-malliaras-cook/3adf7a4dc4525955af2375dab28070fa/?utm_source=chatgpt","doi":"10.2519/jospt.2015.5987","volume":"45 11","pages":"\n 887-98\n ","search_result_number":13},{"paper_title":"Management of Tendinopathy","abstract":"Overuse disorders of tendons, or tendinopathies, present a challenge to sports physicians, surgeons, and other health care professionals dealing with athletes. The Achilles, patellar, and supraspinatus tendons are particularly vulnerable to injury and often difficult to manage successfully. Inflammation was believed central to the pathologic process, but histopathologic evidence has confirmed the failed healing response nature of these conditions. Excessive or inappropriate loading of the musculotendinous unit is believed to be central to the disease process, although the exact mechanism by which this occurs remains uncertain. Additionally, the location of the lesion (for example, the midtendon or osteotendinous junction) has become increasingly recognized as influencing both the pathologic process and subsequent management. The mechanical, vascular, neural, and other theories that seek to explain the pathologic process are explored in this article. Recent developments in the nonoperative management of chronic tendon disorders are reviewed, as is the rationale for surgical intervention. Recent surgical advances, including minimally invasive tendon surgery, are reviewed. Potential future management strategies, such as stem cell therapy, growth factor treatment, and gene transfer, are also discussed.","paper_authors":["J. Rees","N. Maffulli","J. Cook"],"paper_publish_year":2009,"publication_journal_name":"The American Journal of Sports Medicine","consensus_paper_details_url":"https://consensus.app/papers/management-of-tendinopathy-rees-maffulli/91e5463925435b9e951d1a8b31b9aa52/?utm_source=chatgpt","doi":"10.1177/0363546508324283","volume":"37","pages":"1855 - 1867","search_result_number":14},{"paper_title":"Risk factors for patellar tendinopathy: a systematic review of the literature","abstract":"Patellar tendinopathy (PT) is an injury with a high prevalence in sports. Knowledge of risk factors is essential for developing preventive measures and rehabilitation programmes. However, risk factors associated with PT have not yet been systematically studied. This review was undertaken to identify risk factors associated with PT. The literature was systematically searched to identify articles that investigated risk factors for PT. There was no strong or moderate evidence that any investigated risk factor was associated with PT. For nine risk factors there was some evidence: weight, body mass index, waist-to-hip ratio, leg-length difference, arch height of the foot, quadriceps flexibility, hamstring flexibility, quadriceps strength and vertical jump performance. Based on the present evidence, reducing body weight, increasing upper-leg flexibility and quadriceps strength and the use of orthotics may be beneficial treatment options. However, it should be stressed that the evidence for the nine identified risk factors was only limited. Therefore, there is a clear need for high-quality studies in order to identify the exact risk factors associated with PT.","paper_authors":["H. B. van der Worp","M. van Ark","S. Roerink","G. Pepping","I. van den Akker-Scheek","J. Zwerver"],"paper_publish_year":2011,"publication_journal_name":"British Journal of Sports Medicine","consensus_paper_details_url":"https://consensus.app/papers/risk-factors-for-patellar-tendinopathy-a-systematic-worp-ark/23a43055dc5d5d72a463620b243e2aaf/?utm_source=chatgpt","doi":"10.1136/bjsm.2011.084079","volume":"45","pages":"446 - 452","search_result_number":15},{"paper_title":"[Supra trochlear femoral erosions. Their relations with gonarthrosis and chondrocalcinosis (author's transl)].","abstract":"Studying one hundred cases of simple gonarthrosis we found only one supra trochlear femoral erosion (STFE). Such a lesion was discovered in 14 cases among 150 chondrocalcinosis with arthrosic lesions. The cases involving STFE trend to a commun marked chondro-osteolytic evolution. The caracteristic patella sizes show clearly that