VA Corporate Data Warehouse was utilized to identify LBP-related physical therapist visits and procedures, as well as opioid prescription and non-physical therapy clinic encounters. The association between physical therapist interventions with 1-year escalation-of-care events were assessed using adjusted odds ratios from logistic regression. Results Nearly all veterans (98%) received active interventions but only a minority (31%) received manual therapy. In the 1-year follow-up period, the odds of receiving an opioid prescription were 30% lower for those who received manual therapy in addition to active interventions, as compared with patients who received only active interventions. Moreover, the odds of receiving primary care, specialty care, and diagnostic testing were 30\u2013130% higher for patients who received electrical stimulation or more than 1 passive intervention in addition to active treatments, as compared with patients who received only active interventions. Conclusion The use of manual therapy along with active interventions was associated with reduced prescription of opioids, while utilization of specific passive interventions such as electrical stimulation or multiple modalities in conjunction with active interventions resulted in increased escalation-of-care events. Impact Statement The use of active interventions, which is supported by most Clinical Practice Guidelines (CPGs), was the cornerstone of physical therapist care for veterans with LBP. However, the use of CPG-recommended manual therapy interventions was low but associated with reduced opioid prescriptions. The use of 2 or more different passive interventions along with active interventions was common (34%) and associated with less-than-optimal escalation-of-care outcomes. ", "authors": {"total": 9, "data": [{"display_name": "John M. Mayer", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "M. Jason Highsmith", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Jason Maikos", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Charity G. Moore", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Joseph Kakyomya", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Bridget Smith", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Nigel Shenoy", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Christopher L. Dearth", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Shawn Farrokhi", "full_slug": null}]}, "affiliations": {"total": 0, "data": []}, "metrics": {"citations": {"total": null}}, "paper_url": "https://typeset.io/papers/the-influence-of-active-passive-and-manual-therapy-4u7lbr2w9k?utm_source=chatgpt"}, {"id": 4046425982, "title": "Advancing musculoskeletal diagnosis and therapy: a comprehensive review of trigger point theory and muscle pain patterns", "is_archived": false, "full_slug": "advancing-musculoskeletal-diagnosis-and-therapy-a-4gi9o21yj2", "journal": {"display_name": "Frontiers in Medicine", "official_page": "http://www.frontiersin.org/medicine", "issn": "2296-858X", "alias": ["Front Med (Lausanne)", "Frontiers in Medicine"], "id": 2597052008, "slug": "frontiers-in-medicine", "unique_id": "x3qcm6sc", "full_slug": "frontiers-in-medicine-x3qcm6sc"}, "conference_series": null, "date": "2024-07-10T00:00:00Z", "is_oa": null, "publication_type": "Journal Article", "doi": "10.3389/fmed.2024.1433070", "abstract": "Musculoskeletal disorders, especially chronic muscle pain, have a significant impact on public health, affecting millions worldwide. This review examines recent advancements in the diagnosis and management of myofascial pain, with a focus on the refined application of trigger point theory. This theory now incorporates an intricate model that blends biomechanical and neurophysiological mechanisms, essential for understanding the initiation and persistence of pain, and necessitating targeted therapeutic interventions. Utilizing a methodical approach, this paper categorizes muscle pain into three types: Muscle Belly Pain, Origin-Insertion Pain, and Referred Pain, as delineated in the most recent edition of \"Myofascial Pain and Dysfunction-The Trigger Point Manual.\" Such classification enhances diagnostic precision and therapeutic effectiveness by establishing a specific treatment protocol for each type of pain. The paper discusses the implications of various treatments, such as dry needling and manual therapy, which are informed by empirically derived trigger point charts. These charts are instrumental in pinpointing the exact locations of pain sources and customizing treatment plans. Moreover, this review critically assesses the evolving nature of trigger point charts and champions a holistic approach to pain management. It underscores the necessity of integrating biomechanics, kinesiology, and compensatory mechanisms to provide a comprehensive understanding that allows practitioners to address not only symptomatic pain but also the root causes of musculoskeletal disorders, thereby enhancing long-term patient care outcomes in clinical environments. ", "authors": {"total": 5, "data": [{"display_name": "Tianjun Zhai", "full_slug": null}, {"display_name": "Fengyan Jiang",